1 7
 (3, 3),
1,null,null,Just another night .
2,null,null,Another night of feeling lonely and just wondering what I did wrong in life to deserve this unhappiness .
3,depressed,pain,I have never felt a pain stronger than being rejected by the love of your life .
4,null,null,The person who gives you a purpose .
5,null,null,The person who is supposed to make everything better .
6,null,null,You would give your life for this person and
7,null,null,they just do not love you anywhere near the same .
2 22
 (3, 7),(3,16),
1,null,null,Is it possible to fake depression ?
2,null,null,I have been feeling bad for about 7 months now .
3,depressed,extreme sadness,There are periods where I cry on a daily basis , I never feel like talking , I struggle concentrating and collecting thoughts , I feel such an extreme sadness inside of me also in happy situations , I am exhausted all the time even if I sleep 10 hours straight
4,null,null,I often have headaches , I am completely alone
5,null,null,and I find it difficult to do anything .
6,null,null,There are nights where it is unbearable .
7,null,null,I think about my situation : I am completely alone , I am failing at anything because I am so weak I can not handle my feelings
8,null,null,, I feel guilt for everything that happens around me , I can not carry on anymore , I am always here in this dark place and
9,null,null,I feel that I have no right to be like this .
10,null,null,I used to self harm and
11,null,null,I still have many scars on my skin , but I think to be disrespectful to those who truly struggle
12,null,null,then I promised to cut never again .
13,null,null,I should not have the right to do so .
14,null,null,My life is void , I am void , and
15,null,null,I can not get the energy to do anything ever .
16,null,null,I do not get pleasure from what I used to love , nothing seems to make me feel something good .
17,null,null,I can enjoy no series , no book , no videogame like I used to .
18,null,null,I think I do not even deserve to eat .
19,null,null,I am just trying to pity myself giving myself depression , but
20,null,null,I do not have it .
21,null,null,Is it possible to fake depression ?
22,null,null,Could it actually be an excuse for me to not take responsibility of the failure that I am ?
3 4
 (2, 3),
1,null,null,Imagine being attractive Imagine what it would be like to be desired , to have someone look at you not in disgust or ambivalence .
2,depressed,treated objectively worse,It is all just a roll of the dice , It is too bad if you roll poorly you will be treated objectively worse .
3,null,null,I wish I was born attractive
4,null,null,.. fuck
4 37
 (34, 10),(34, 26),
1,null,null,Best moment to have anxiety
2,null,null,It is 3:30am
3,null,null,, I am tired , want to get up early , and ?
4,null,null,guess what
5,null,null,My brain decided this : Instead of sleeping , why do not you become half crazy , thinking about your future ( should I say the " lack " of future ? ) .
6,null,null,Here , have some cravings for cigarettes , my pleasure , and
7,null,null,of course i know you do not have cigarettes , do you think I am stupid ?
8,null,null,The middle of the night is the best moment for thinking of smoking when you can not smoke .
9,null,null,Think of your loneliness .
10,null,null,Think of you inexistant social life .
11,null,null,You are 25 and
12,null,null,you have no job .
13,null,null,You are living with your boring mother , with whom you literally quarel with every day .
14,null,null,She probably think you are a piece of shit .
15,null,null,You never had any girlfriend , and
16,null,null,you probably will not .
17,null,null,Almost 26 , do not count on me to congratulate you ..
18,null,null,Your only sunbeam will be at New year .
19,null,null,is Eve , when you will travel to see your best friends
20,null,null,But guess what , since you have no money at all , you probably will have to work to sell fu**ng pastries , and because of that you will not be able to see your friends .
21,null,null,Then you will continue to argue with your mother .
22,null,null,Living on the couch .
23,null,null,Selling pastries .
24,null,null,In entire loneliness .
25,null,null,God only knows how long .
26,null,null,The funny thing ( say my brain ) is this : " you are a loser , you lived and worked on your own
27,null,null,not so long ago .
28,null,null,But you are a child , you have the power to do what you want , where you want .
29,null,null,You are 25 , for God is sake , so
30,null,null,why do not you move your ass ? "
31,null,null,Leave me alone brain , I already know all that .
32,null,null,I would be a king if I could .
33,null,null,But I will not .
34,depressed,despair,Funny how despair can suck the marrow of your life , how even when you are ready to fall in the deepest pit
35,null,null,, you have absolutely no will to catch the rope .
36,null,null,TL ; DR : FML .
37,null,null,Have a good day / night everyone !
5 10
 (9, 8),
1,null,null,hi , I am a 21 year - old male from the uk
2,null,null,, over the past few months I have become increasingly depressed .
3,null,null,I am always acting the joker and
4,null,null,appear to be happy at university and work
5,null,null,but every night I go to bed and .
6,null,null,hope that I will not wake up in the morning
7,null,null,For the past 3 or 4 years I have had an overwhelming feeling that I will not live very long and
8,null,null,over the past few months I have the sensation that I will die very soon .
9,depression,very angered,my depression also leads me to get very angered .
10,null,null,I have never spoken to anyone about this .
6 13
 (5, 5),
1,null,null,I do not want to die feeling like I was never loved
2,null,null,47 M married to 41F.
3,null,null,We have no intimate life .
4,null,null,I feel like this is the life I was given .
5,depressed,not feeling wanted,I do not want to die having forever thoughts of not feeling wanted I have never experienced affection , adoration or intimacy .
6,null,null,Yes we have made love ( 3 times in 2017 )
7,null,null,But it is all me .
8,null,null,I have never had manual play ( handjob )
9,null,null,I have never had oral on me
10,null,null,( blowjob )
11,null,null,I have never been lustfully fucked , only starfish .
12,null,null,I do everything and anything to make her feel wanted .
13,null,null,One time , before I die , want to feel this .
7 56
 (22, 23),(22, 28),(22, 50),
1,null,null,I was just curious what your feelings are on long - term outcomes for depression .
2,null,null,A little background for me
3,null,null,: I have been on and off medicines for several years .
4,null,null,I was always depressed as a child , but .
5,null,null,did not really seek professional help until maybe 10 years ago
6,null,null,I originally went on medicines .
7,null,null,for severe pms prescribed to me by my ob - gyn .
8,null,null,I just kind of continued on with it because it made me feel " leveled out " .
9,null,null,Then I had issues with sleep apnea , joint pains etc .
10,null,null,My neurologist put me on Effexor .
11,null,null,Every time I tried to go off that drug
12,null,null,I was dizzy and .
13,null,null,had bad side effects
14,null,null,Finally , I reduced the dose myself and .
15,null,null,weaned myself off the Effexor
16,null,null,I had gained a tremendous amount of weight .
17,null,null,I was off all medicines for 8 months
18,null,null,and then I really feel into a dark depression .
19,null,null,It was then that I sought a therapist , etc .
20,null,null,I have been on medicines ever since .. since June of 2004 .
21,null,null,I had lost 40 pounds by going off the medicines , but .
22,depressed,depressed,then became depressed again
23,null,null,following several deaths and major life events .
24,null,null,I was put on Lexapro and .
25,null,null,gained weight
26,null,null,Not wanting to gain weight again , I hated being on the medicines .
27,null,null,He kept saying it will stabilize .
28,null,null,I told him that the weight gain was making me more depressed .
29,null,null,Finally , he changed my medicines to Wellbutrin .
30,null,null,We talked about trying to go off medicines when life events settled down ..
31,null,null,my main reason to go off was the weight gain .
32,null,null,Immediately the weight came back off .
33,null,null,That was a year ago .
34,null,null,Now a year later , I am still losing about a pound or two a month .
35,null,null,The last time I went in , he did not say anything about going off the medicines .
36,null,null,How long do people take medicines ?
37,null,null,Is it just better to stay on them and not fall back into the hole ?
38,null,null,Are there any long - term use side effects to be concerned with ?
39,null,null,Is this something I will probably be on forever ?
40,null,null,It just seems like I will always be like this .
41,null,null,It just seems like depression is always just standing back in the shadows .
42,null,null,I go for a very long time and
43,null,null,feel fine
44,null,null,and then I have a week where I get very down and know that if I was not on medicines .
45,null,null,it would be very bad .
46,null,null,I have not gone to talk to my therapist in a long while .
47,null,null,When I am having these bouts of depression , should I call and .
48,null,null,say I need to go in for a " check - up "
49,null,null,I do not really have any specific issues to discuss .
50,null,null,The big thing right now is I just feel down because I have lost my closest friends and do not feel like I have any friends to do anything with .
51,null,null,I feel so isolated .
52,null,null,Would it be good to just call and go in ?
53,null,null,I just feel stupid saying I feel sad because I do not have any friends .
54,null,null,Are there any good books that you can recommend on self - help -- esp .
55,null,null,negative thinking , understanding why I think the way I do , etc .
56,null,null,I found Dr. Phil is book on Life Strategies to be very helpful in discovering that there are reasons why I do things and think .
8 12
 (1, 1),
1,depressed,completely off,My hearing , attentiveness and social awareness has been completely off since dropping into a very low depressive period as of late .
2,null,null,Normal ?
3,null,null,Walking through a busy shopping center today
4,null,null,and I feel heavy and .
5,null,null,zoned out
6,null,null,I ordered food at a bakery and .
7,null,null,could barely hear my voice as I spoke
8,null,null,I did not hear the employee very well and unknown to me like 8 high school kids entered as I was browsing
9,null,null,and I did not even notice until I visually saw them .
10,null,null,The sunlight drains me quick .
11,null,null,And when crossing a street I often triple take even when absolutely nothing is coming .
12,null,null,Fuck this .
9 34
 (31, 12),(31, 28),(31, 29),
1,null,null,Hello out there ..
2,null,null,Ugh .
3,null,null,I battle with depression , anxiety , bulimia , OCPD , BPD , and some physical health issues .
4,null,null,Not so sure about battle right now .
5,null,null,Maybe more like grudgingly coexist with ?
6,null,null,I am 42 .
7,null,null,I have never held a job with the same company for longer than 3 years , and
8,null,null,that was just once .
9,null,null,A few times ( I think )
10,null,null,I have made it to the 2 year mark with a company .
11,null,null,1 year is a bit easier .
12,null,null,I had to quit my last job because it was too easy to use the job to fuel the eating disorder .
13,null,null,( I lost 40 % of my starting weight in about 7 months , before I switched phases and ended up with a pulmonary embolism from refeeding syndrome . )
14,null,null,Right now I am in the initial hurry up and .
15,null,null,deny me so I can get an attorney phase of applying for disability
16,null,null,Thankfully I have a sister who is letting me live in her house , so
17,null,null,at least I am not homeless .
18,null,null,( TBH , most of the time she is out of the country , and when she is here , she is just as selectively social as I am . )
19,null,null,Because of waiting to get on disability , I am off my medicine .
20,null,null,I can not even afford the cheapest ACA insurance , and
21,null,null,even if I had that , I could not afford the copays for my medicine .
22,null,null,I am not eligible for Medicaid in my state until I get approved for SSI / SSDI .
23,null,null,I am not too worried about not having my antidepressants right now tho .
24,null,null,This is probably the most pleasant major depressive episode I have ever had .
25,null,null,It is not so much feeling horrible psychic pain as it is just been a gentle bleeding out of the vibrancy of life .
26,null,null,I sleep as late as I can every day , ( usually until around 1 or so ) , .
27,null,null,hang out in bed playing games , reading , or watching videos , and only really waking up and being willing to be awake around 7 in the evening
28,null,null,I do not feel like I am living anymore .
29,null,null,I am just in a holding pattern .
30,null,null,I think back to what my life was like , even 8 months ago , and
31,depressed,mourn,I mourn for it .
32,null,null,At least I am not suicidal .
33,null,null,I think I just need a place where I can come every so often and unload my mind .
34,null,null,Thanks for sticking around to the end of the post .
10 9
 (1, 2),(1, 7),
1,depressed,kill myself,Currently waiting at the hospital to be seen If I do not get treatment I am going to kill myself .
2,null,null,No one in my daily life cares .
3,null,null,My sister and my mom did not give a shit .
4,null,null,My abusive boyfriend dumped me today and .
5,null,null,told me never to contact him again
6,null,null,I feel broken .
7,null,null,I do not want to live in society anymore .
8,null,null,I want to live in a hospital ward and not have to think .
9,null,null,I do not want to live at all
11 51
 (27, 27),
1,null,null,Hi .
2,null,null,I am new to the forums .
3,null,null,I was going to lurk for a bit before I posted , but
4,null,null,there is so many of us , ( I mean , I knew .
5,null,null,but I did not know .. you know ?
6,null,null,it seems like the thing to do .
7,null,null,I am a 24 year old male
8,null,null,and I have had problems with depression for as long as I can remember , though it is become worse over the last year or so .
9,null,null,I was pretty heavily involved in music and martial arts for years , but
10,null,null,I am no longer motivated to do either .
11,null,null,I am still going to school , though Hi .
12,null,null,I am new to the forums .
13,null,null,I was going to lurk for a bit before I posted , but
14,null,null,there is so many of us , ( I mean , I knew .
15,null,null,but I did not know .. you know ?
16,null,null,it seems like the thing to do .
17,null,null,I am a 24 year old male
18,null,null,and I have had problems with depression for as long as I can remember , though it is become worse over the last year or so .
19,null,null,I was pretty heavily involved in music and martial arts for years , but
20,null,null,I am no longer motivated to do either .
21,null,null,I am still going to school , though I have no real direction
22,null,null,and I am afraid that my lack of motivation is going to cause me to screw that up too .
23,null,null,I started having anxiety attacks about a year ago and
24,null,null,they have increased in frequency the last few months .
25,null,null,They are ( not to sound melodramatic )
26,null,null,the hardest thing I have ever had to deal with .
27,depressed,threatening illness,If I am in panic - attack mode , any slight pain or discomfort quickly becomes a life - threatening illness that is surely going to kill me in the next few minutes .
28,null,null,As ridiculous as that sounds , it is absolutely real when it is happening
29,null,null,and I live in almost constant fear it is going to happen again .
30,null,null,I have a hard time even driving anymore ( especially on the freeway ) and increasingly rely on my girlfriend for menial things like going to the store .
31,null,null,She is very supportive and .
32,null,null,is aware that something is wrong , though I do not think she understands to what extent
33,null,null,I have started completely avoiding any situation in which I have to meet new people and have a hard time even talking to people I do not know on the phone .
34,null,null,These symptoms have been increasing in intensity over the last 6 months or so and
35,null,null,exponentially for the last 3 weeks
36,null,null,( I just lost my job ) .
37,null,null,It seems like quite a few of you have been dealing with these sorts of things for much longer
38,null,null,and I am sorry if my posting here so soon seems insensitive , but
39,null,null,its already getting to the point where I know I can not handle living like this for years on end .
40,null,null,I have suffered from depression for ( relative to my age ) a long time and
41,null,null,the anxiety attacks are absolutely terrifying ( a little redundant , I know ) .
42,null,null,It feels like the last year is the beginning of everything completely falling apart .
43,null,null,I guess my posting here is a way to get the ball rolling towards getting some help .
44,null,null,I do not have health insurance anymore and
45,null,null,I am not sure where to go from here .
46,null,null,I have been medicated in the past , but
47,null,null,I have not taken anything in a few years .
48,null,null,Though , without insurance I am not even sure that is an option .
49,null,null,That is enough for now .
50,null,null,Thanks for providing a resource like this .
51,null,null,The anonymity of the internet lets me say some of the things I am afraid to say to everyone else .
12 17
 (13, 1),(13, 15)
1,null,null,I can not study .
2,null,null,Not even the thing i like the most I love history .
3,null,null,I picked it this year and
4,null,null,I can even take it as a hobby .
5,null,null,I am in contemporary history ( my favorite period ) and
6,null,null,I have an exam on WWI and the USSR
7,null,null,( it is a lot but
8,null,null,that has never been a problem for me ) .
9,null,null,But I can not study it .
10,null,null,I turn my phone off .
11,null,null,I get rid of all kind of distraction .
12,null,null,But I can not .
13,depressed,given up,I have given up .
14,null,null,I have been days trying to study , but
15,null,null,my brain can not keep the info .
16,null,null,I am going to fail .
17,null,null,And the worst part is that I am passionate about this subject
13 7
 (3, 3),
1,null,null,I do not like when people ask " How are you ? "
2,null,null,Because instead of saying : " I googled the prices of veterinary xanax this morning because I am seeking any kind of relief from this inescapable malaise and
3,depressed,worthlessness,self - worthlessness
4,null,null,I have been battling for the last 14 years .
5,null,null," I have remind myself that they are not actually asking how I am , and that it is just a greeting and that I have to say " Ahh , y'know , just living . "
6,null,null,so they do not worry .
7,null,null,I wish someone would ask how I am and actually care about the answer .
14 54
 (50, 31),
1,null,null,An Open Letter Dear you
2,null,null,, It is been three years since we decided to go our separate ways .
3,null,null,We both had different goals , desires and aspirations .
4,null,null,We were perfect together , but .
5,null,null,just at the wrong time
6,null,null,I am sorry things ended badly .
7,null,null,I am sorry
8,null,null,that for months after they spiraled out of control .
9,null,null,I am sorry .
10,null,null,I am sorry
11,null,null,I let you down , your family down .
12,null,null,I am sorry I buckled .
13,null,null,I am sorry I did not have the experience or the know - how to react to certain situations .
14,null,null,I am sorry that I made mountains out of molehills .
15,null,null,I am sorry at times
16,null,null,I treated you badly , that at times I held you back .
17,null,null,Three years later , we live totally different lives than back then .
18,null,null,I got that job .
19,null,null,I traveled the world .
20,null,null,I went to Italy - twice .
21,null,null,I have been to Times Square at midnight , and
22,null,null,so have you .
23,null,null,I did it all , but .
24,null,null,by myself
25,null,null,It is not what I wanted .
26,null,null,It is not what I envisioned .
27,null,null,You can not just replace somebody special with another person , and .
28,null,null,that you were
29,null,null,Special .
30,null,null,It is been three years .
31,null,null,Despite some triumphs and successes , it still feels like I lost a war .
32,null,null,An immense failure that did not personify my persona , it personified myself .
33,null,null,On the surface , I am told I seem ambitious , fully ready to attack each day .
34,null,null,On the inside , I feel defeated .
35,null,null,In the end , you found somebody new , which is fine .
36,null,null,I chose , whether consciously or unconsciously to stay on a different path .
37,null,null,I have tried new women .
38,null,null,Many beautiful on the outside , but
39,null,null,they are not you .
40,null,null,Oh no , no , no .
41,null,null,They all do not have what you had .
42,null,null,Not even close .
43,null,null,Maybe one day I will end this crusade against myself , against the past .
44,null,null,I can not change it
45,null,null,, I can not alter the story , I can not lie to myself .
46,null,null,I wish I could tell you I am sorry .
47,null,null,But it would not change anything .
48,null,null,For you it is a battle that was fought long ago .
49,null,null,For me , I relive it more times than I would care to admit .
50,depressed,emotionally crippled,I am emotionally crippled , distraught , defeated .
51,null,null,It is been a long three years .
52,null,null,I am ready for it to be over .
53,null,null,I am sorry .
54,null,null,Yours truly , Me .
15 47
 (5, 27),
1,null,null,Hi I am new to the group .
2,null,null,I do not know if I am supposed to even post here .
3,null,null,I am not too good with the computer yet ! !
4,null,null,I feel stupid !
5,depressed,severe anxiety,I have severe anxiety , and .
6,null,null,am feeling depressed
7,null,null,I have been struggling with this for years .
8,null,null,I am 40 years old and ! !
9,null,null,that even depresses me
10,null,null,I am on xanax for my anxiety , but
11,null,null,they do not even help me any more .
12,null,null,My doctor has me on 1 mg three times a day .
13,null,null,I get the tremors when they ware off ! !
14,null,null,It is a horrible feeling !
15,null,null,I have been on them for Five years
16,null,null,and I feel so upset , because I depend on them so much !
17,null,null,I wish I could get off them and do not know how .
18,null,null,I never thought I would ever be addicted to anything .but
19,null,null,I am .
20,null,null,I feel like xanax runs my life .
21,null,null,I even tremor in the middle of the night .
22,null,null,I tried so many Anti - depressants and
23,null,null,they make me feel so physically sick .
24,null,null,I just really need some advice , and
25,null,null,some support !
26,null,null,I am crying all the time , and .
27,null,null,keep having flash backs of bad memories in my life
28,null,null,I have a understanding Mom and Dad
29,null,null,, they tries to help me out .
30,null,null,At least I am blessed with them .
31,null,null,I just want to find happiness again .
32,null,null,I have a daughter who is 11 years old
33,null,null,and I feel guilty .
34,null,null,because , I do not want her to keep seeing me like this ! !
35,null,null,I try to keep it together around her .
36,null,null,She was diagnosed with OCD at 6 years old .
37,null,null,It comes and .
38,null,null,goes with her
39,null,null,I feel like I am the blame for that even !
40,null,null,I joined this group a week ago or and
41,null,null,so
42,null,null,this is my first time posting .
43,null,null,I was told to post at the new members ' site .
44,null,null,I do not know if I am doing this in the right place .
45,null,null,I am confused , with all this !
46,null,null,I just need to learn more about using the computer ! !
47,null,null,I would appreciate any help or advice !
16 11
 (4, 1),
1,null,null,My cat just got hit by a car I can not even think about it too much .
2,null,null,My family is a little sad but
3,null,null,are kinda telling me to get over it .
4,depressed,terrible depressive spell,I have been in such a terrible depressive spell for the last few weeks and
5,null,null,this just ruined everything .
6,null,null,When older pets die by natural causes I do not cry as much as because I know we gave them the best life and they lived very long but my suki was only 2 years old
7,null,null,she was so fat and adorable
8,null,null,and I can not believe she is gone just because of a bad driver .
9,null,null,She always came to me when I was upset she would lay on top of me and snuggle .
10,null,null,I wish I had more time with her .
11,null,null,now I have almost nothing that makes me smile
17 12
 (2, 10),(2, 11),
1,null,null,Humiliated and
2,depressed,disappointment,feeling like a disappointment
3,null,null,When people see me out , I feel so humiliated .
4,null,null,I have to make up some bullshit story about taking a gap year before I embark on a career when really I wanna say well karen
5,null,null,I am clinically depressed as fuck and worn down to the bone by my own thoughts
6,null,null,so thought I should put my life on hold
7,null,null,but no one wants to hear that shit .
8,null,null,I am trying to block out but
9,null,null,it is so hard .
10,null,null,I can not see an end to this , nothing excites me that much anymore
11,null,null,and the thought of getting a proper career job terrifies me .
12,null,null,I just want this feeling to stop , I can not take it anymore
18 9
 (3, 2),
1,null,null,Sadness is the only thing getting me through my day I am not really sure where to talk about this because the people in my life do not really understand .
2,null,null,I feel like I messed up a lot of my life and the track it was going on .
3,depressed,disappointed and sad,Now I am just very disappointed and sad with myself .
4,null,null,I have tried pills and therapy .
5,null,null,However , this might sound weird , but
6,null,null,my sadness is the only thing pulling me through the day and making it pass by quickly .
7,null,null,I do not know how to explain it because most people associate sadness with something they instantly want .
8,null,null,gone
9,null,null,Anyone else feel this way ?
19 182
 (130, 121),
1,null,null,I just really need to vent ..
2,null,null,For a start , I understand everyone in life are at different levels and that depression and anxiety is different for everyone and I am in no way stating who has it worst or better .
3,null,null,I have taken hours and hours of training in it
4,null,null,and I am not here to speak or preach about how to help ..
5,null,null,In a rare occasion in my life I am asking for help , guidance
6,null,null,, I do not know the correct word
7,null,null,but maybe if I explain myself a bit it may help .
8,null,null,This maybe long
9,null,null,and I do apologize
10,null,null,but I just need to say all of this SOMEWHERE ..
11,null,null,I am gay guy that recently moved from a conservative town in Montana to the amazing city of Portland , OR .
12,null,null,I came out of the closet the summer going into my freshman year of high school , dealt with a ( simply put ) shitty childhood while growing up in the Bible Belt of northern Florida , with an abusive father and worrying , even at the age of 7/8 about how my future would play out in this .
13,null,null,My mom divorced and and .
14,null,null,remarried a man that does not accept my sexuality personally but supports my life decision
15,null,null,says he loves me
16,null,null,We moved to Montana ( my mom , me and him ) and
17,null,null,I began to feel like I did have a purpose when I was introduced to acting onstage at a local theatre that I fell in love with .
18,null,null,Life , for a few years , was amazing but
19,null,null,my high school at the time was having a crisis .
20,null,null,Unfortunately four students had committed suicide between my freshman and junior year and , .
21,null,null,with the help of many , started a suicide awareness program in the city and lead that for a year or so
22,null,null,My senior year , literally three days before it started , my military brother committed suicide on base , it was suspected it was also his sexuality .
23,null,null,But also in my senior year , near the end of it , I met a man whom I fell in love with
24,null,null,( which is what I am getting too , just bare with me ) .
25,null,null,We were able to spend a lot of time together for a month or two before he had to leave to Portland
26,null,null,( before I had gone ) for a work internship where he would go back home to Brazil once completed .
27,null,null,He treats me like gold , and
28,null,null,I really mean that , he has been nothing but amazing to me .
29,null,null,He flew me out to Portland
30,null,null,so I could visit him for two weeks where we fell even more in love .
31,null,null,Everything was shattered when he left for home
32,null,null,and I also left for an adventure .
33,null,null,After I graduated , I had the amazing opportunity to go to the BEAUTIFUL island of Taiwan , where I spent an amazing year learning Chinese ( Mandarin ) , meeting people all around the world , experiencing a new culture for the first time , it was indeed a life changing time for me .
34,null,null,But it was not easy for my boyfriend and
35,null,null,I. We fought in occasion , texting makes it really hard to communicate emotions , and
36,null,null,we only had about two hours out of our days to talk due to the harsh time zone differences .
37,null,null,The year went by quite quickly and
38,null,null,he surprised me with yet another plane ticket to Portland where he would also land only two hours after I did
39,null,null,and we would be together again .
40,null,null,It was only for two weeks again
41,null,null,but I felt complete ..
42,null,null,He even proposed on the Fourth of July .
43,null,null,He was yanked away from me again soon after and
44,null,null,it tore me down .
45,null,null,My heart crumbled .
46,null,null,My next chapter in life had started once I arrived back from Taiwan and had seen my boyfriend again .
47,null,null,I had decided I wanted to move to a Portland permanently
48,null,null,, found a decent student housing apartment , enrolled for school
49,null,null,, I was excited .. now this is where things become a bit much for me and why I am here today .
50,null,null,My , now fianc , was able to stay with me for a full month this time .
51,null,null,Now at this point I am sure you wonder ( if you are still reading ) , why does not he move here ?
52,null,null,, or why do not you move there ?
53,null,null,Here is why : He was on an exchange program when I met him that the Brazilian government paid for .
54,null,null,The requirement for that visa is that he must stay in Brazil for two years before he can legally move back into the USA .
55,null,null,In other words , he is stuck there while I am stuck here both separated and both in fear of him being rejected .
56,null,null,We applied for the fianc visa and
57,null,null,now we are waiting for the approval .
58,null,null,I refuse to move where he lives because of how high the crime rate is and due to Brazil
59,null,null,is economic status
60,null,null,, we both agreed it would not be good for a white American target to live in a high crime area .
61,null,null,I know I have talked a lot about my fianc
62,null,null,but here is also what is going on on my hands as well that I just was not ready for .
63,null,null,Before I moved to Portland , I had to go to urgent care because I had no primary doctor and no money , only Medicaid , which they took .
64,null,null,I went three times for small bumps on my hands that turned out to be stressed induced and
65,null,null,all three times I went
66,null,null,the doctors said I have no idea !
67,null,null,Try using lotions and !
68,null,null,see what happens
69,null,null,Nodded their heads and .
70,null,null,left
71,null,null,Very pointless
72,null,null,but when I got the bill I was shocked and confused .
73,null,null,I thought my Medicaid had covered it , which it did not because while I was out of country my Medicaid had expired and no one told me about it , therefore I was left with a $ 600 bill .
74,null,null,I heard it off for a while because I had other things to deal with than the bullshit that the hospital was giving me about it .
75,null,null,Around this time as well , I moved in with my best friend due to a dispute I had with my parents , which really crumbled me , but
76,null,null,they still do not know how upset I am about it .
77,null,null,I moved to Portland ..
78,null,null,and now I believe I am regretting it
79,null,null,..
80,null,null,I moved with that same best friend where we would also share the space with two others , a couple from Hawaii .
81,null,null,We had Skyped then ahead of time in our excitement of moving and
82,null,null,we were all excited to meet each other .
83,null,null,I had a job lined up for me as a barista , I had a savings plan lined up for what I could and could not spend for money , school would be starting soon , things were looking pretty nice !
84,null,null,Well .. it is not nice .
85,null,null,Not nice at all .
86,null,null,The Hawaiian couple does not like my friend and I.
87,null,null,They stop our oven mittens and , and ..
88,null,null,tried to say they were there is and hid them from us ,
89,null,null,refused to let us use the garbage can in the kitchen
90,null,null,held little meetings about what it is we were doing wrong and how we could fix it
91,null,null,I was so thrown back
92,null,null,I ignore them at any chance and .
93,null,null,even had to take time out of my life to tell them how upsetting it is we had reached a level they had where to actually put sticky notes on things we could touch and could not touch
94,null,null,I find myself to be quite tidy and clean and fair
95,null,null,but I guess there are two sides of the story always .
96,null,null,That is the first thing .
97,null,null,That job I had lined up as a barista ?
98,null,null,Big joke ..
99,null,null,I met with the boss who said the store is not open yet and .
100,null,null,asked if I wanted to be a cashier for the university instead
101,null,null,I said why not , the pay was amazing at $ 12.75 an hour and had benefits .
102,null,null,I did my on - boarding and .
103,null,null,was quite interested
104,null,null,First day on the job however they lied and .
105,null,null,put me in food service where I was demanded around by two chefs and four managers who did not know what the fuck they were doing
106,null,null,One of the chef is actually spilt boiling grease on my foot and .
107,null,null,did not even apologize
108,null,null,The other chef was racist and .
109,null,null,talked bad about the Indian workers
110,null,null,so much I had to leave his presence
111,null,null,It was a toxic environment .
112,null,null,Income tax in Oregon was so high
113,null,null,I was not able to afford my apartment and .
114,null,null,realized I need to be working minimum wage to sincerely support myself here
115,null,null,I left after a month and .
116,null,null,am now struggling on finding a full time again
117,null,null,On a side note , because of costs and issues with finding a co - signed for a loan , I had to pull my enrollment for school as well .
118,null,null,That is the second ..
119,null,null,When my fianc came to visit me for a month , my best friend / roommate was very difficult ..
120,null,null,it is a harsh word to use
121,null,null,but she has a lot of learning to do .
122,null,null,I have been on my own since I was 16 in doing things myself ( with the exception of paying my phone bill and buying a car ) .
123,null,null,Taxes , jobs , appointments , etc . , were all me .
124,null,null,She needs some help getting there
125,null,null,and she has done and
126,null,null,amazing job to get there
127,null,null,but .. every opportunity I hand her to take one more step of becoming independent
128,null,null,she rejects and .
129,null,null,shuts down completely
130,depressed,jealous and upset,The whole month was very hard for my fianc and I over how jealous and upset she got
131,null,null,and it was too much .
132,null,null,Currently she is back home for Christmas and
133,null,null,I am alone and quite frankly I needed it .
134,null,null,I just do not know how to handle that situation .
135,null,null,It was as if she was using her emotions against me
136,null,null,and it was poisonous .
137,null,null,It go so bad
138,null,null,my fianc and
139,null,null,Igor
140,null,null,an Airbnb our last two nights together
141,null,null,so it could just be me and him .
142,null,null,That is the third .. I had to go to the emergency room as well when my fianc was here due to yet another kidney stone .
143,null,null,I got one in the 7th grade , near the end of my exchange program and one in a restaurant where the pain was so bad I needed to call an ambulance
144,null,null,..
145,null,null,more money on shit
146,null,null,I can not afford .
147,null,null,I can go on and on with these stories
148,null,null,but I need to get to this ..
149,null,null,it is my anxiety .
150,null,null,I was diagnosed with depression in high school but .
151,null,null,was taken off of medication
152,null,null,I was doing actually quite well !
153,null,null,But most recently , with everything that is been going on , it is gotten really really bad .
154,null,null,I am constantly anxed about everything ..
155,null,null,when I walk down the street , I fear what people look at me as .
156,null,null,Now I am not fat , I would say I am average but my cheeks are so puffy
157,null,null,and it really embarrasses me to even look in a mirror .
158,null,null,I am constantly wondering why my fianc wants to be with me , if he is cheating on me , lied to me , etc .
159,null,null,I over stress about the smallest smallest things .
160,null,null,Example : I cried and .
161,null,null,broke down because I failed my drivers test for the Oregon license
162,null,null,I physically felt like I was going to die or
163,null,null,the end of the world was happening ..
164,null,null,why ?
165,null,null,Why was that happening to me ?
166,null,null,Why is this ALL happening to me ?
167,null,null,I miss my fianc , I can not get stable
168,null,null,, I now starting out as an adult is not supposed to be easy but
169,null,null,guys ..
170,null,null,this is really hard .
171,null,null,I spend any day I have off in bed
172,null,null,and I have only had one meal within two days .
173,null,null,I know I need help
174,null,null,but I do not have the money for it or the time .
175,null,null,I have never felt this insecure about my life , future , body , everything .
176,null,null,I feel like I am climbing up an escalator that is going the wrong way , and
177,null,null,no amount of running will get me to the top .
178,null,null,I do not know where else to go or who to talk to .
179,null,null,I feel like I have annoyed everyone already enough about me that I no longer want to talk to literally anyone .
180,null,null,My fianc sometimes even .
181,null,null,Well if you have made it this far I thank you sincerely ..
182,null,null,I just really needed to vent .
20 9
 (7, 6),
1,null,null,Mum is questions are relentless My mum is always asking me '
2,null,null,How is blahblah from high school ? ' '
3,null,null,Are you meeting up with blahblahblah this winter ? ' '
4,null,null,Have you spoken to blahblooh ? '
5,null,null,No mum .
6,null,null,None of them want to know me .
7,depressed,ignore me,They ignore me , do not reply to my messages and .
8,null,null,do not want to meet up
9,null,null,It is embarrassing having to explain it all the time .
21 7
 (4, 3),
1,null,null,Being an adult fucking blows , working a shit job that keeps me poor making me want to just jump in front of a bus Seriously struggling to see why I would want to engage in living when it is so menial and relatively pointless .
2,null,null,Ca not see any friends as I live so far away and my family simply do not know how to support me .
3,null,null,Working at a shit paying job with zero prospects and massive student debt , how can I possibly look forward to anything in the future when the present is always painful .
4,depressed,Mental illness,Mental illness is just poisoning every aspect of my world and
5,null,null,I can not be fucked to fight it
6,null,null,i just wish I could live more on my own terms
7,null,null,but apparently that is selfish and naive
22 31
 (23, 1),
1,null,null,My dad died today
2,null,null,So I am 16 , coming on 17 next month .
3,null,null,Today my dad died at 42 .
4,null,null,He has not been doing so well for a few days .
5,null,null,Yesterday his legs gave out and
6,null,null,he was stuck on the bed with his lungs in pain if he lay on his back .
7,null,null,For 24 hours , no sleep , food , or drink .
8,null,null,Many more problems that I can not remember , and
9,null,null,he is been feeling like shit emotionally too due to family issues .
10,null,null,My mom went to check in on him before going to the store .
11,null,null,Since yesterday she is been trying to get him to go to the hospital
12,null,null,but of course he is stubborn .
13,null,null,When she came back from the store , she decided she would have the ambulance come and pick him up because he REALLY needed to go in .
14,null,null,Slurring his words , despite actually being sober in the mornings .
15,null,null,When she went back to get his consent over phone to get picked up for the ambulance , he was out cold already .
16,null,null,Lips purple , lifeless .
17,null,null,cold ,
18,null,null,It had been only 30 - 40 minutes since she last saw him , alive , or whatever was left of his life .
19,null,null,I was there to see a fresh dead corpse .
20,null,null,My dad .
21,null,null,My * dad .
22,null,null,*
23,depressed,world is crashing around me,To say my world is crashing around me is an understatement .
24,null,null,I am just a fucking kid , going through my own battles with myself and now my dad is just * gone .
25,null,null,*
26,null,null,I did not have the best relationship with him but
27,null,null,he was a really , really good guy and this stings like a bitch .
28,null,null,All of it feels unreal and .
29,null,null,at the same time scarily real
30,null,null,Everything is numb .
31,null,null,I am lost .
23 8
 (7, 7),
1,null,null," You do not have it bad enough"/"You only think about yourself .
2,null,null," Got into a discussion with my SO because of my depression / anxiety
3,null,null,They told me I do not have it bad enough
4,null,null,and if I were worse off I would get my shit together .
5,null,null,So something in me snaps
6,null,null,and I admit I would actually rather be dead ( whoops ) .
7,depressed,want to die,This leads to them telling me I am only thinking about myself and asking me how I believe they feel when I tell them I want to die .
8,null,null,Anyone else got to hear stuff like this ?
24 8
 (6, 3),
1,null,null,I am lost hahaha
2,null,null,I do not even know why I posted this .
3,null,null,I broke up with my gf today .
4,null,null,I thought I was happy about it .
5,null,null,I think is the right choice .
6,depressed,self hate,A month of cutting and self hate is enough .
7,null,null,But now I still feel it ..
8,null,null,And I want to cut again .
25 17
 (6, 6),
1,null,null,I have no friends This is not an over dramatic statement .
2,null,null,I truly have no friends .
3,null,null,Throughout the years I have grown a part from people and .
4,null,null,I have distanced myself from people I felt
5,null,null,were toxic
6,depressed,heart broken,I have had my heart broken by a few friends .
7,null,null,But right now I am sitting here looking at this funny meme I wanted to share
8,null,null,and I realized I have no one to send it to .
9,null,null,I hope all of this makes sense one day .
10,null,null,Goodnight Edit :
11,null,null,Wow , I did not expect this response !
12,null,null,It is comforting to know I am not alone .
13,null,null,We are all in this together & amp ; I feel happy to know I am a part of a sub with so many caring , kind people .
14,null,null,If any of you need a friend or just need someone to talk to , I am here .
15,null,null,Thank you all for sharing your stories and responding .
16,null,null,The meme is quite funny , I am going to try to send it to everyone who asked .
17,null,null,Cheers
26 23
 (3, 7),
1,null,null,Constant battle between ambition and .
2,null,null,not wanting to live
3,depressed,suicial thoughts,Since I was about 12 I have had recurring suicidal thoughts .
4,null,null,The thing is , I do not have low self esteem or anything of that sort , it is actually quite the opposite
5,null,null,and I always joke about being a narcissist .
6,null,null,I may not be an actual narcissist , but
7,null,null,I have always had a slight superiority complex .
8,null,null,I do not hate myself , but
9,null,null,I just hate my life and the continuous chore known as living .
10,null,null,On the outside , I have always been the life of the party , but
11,null,null,deep down I do not ever remember being happy .
12,null,null,As someone who is highly ambitious , it feels as if there is a never ending struggle between wanting to be successful enough to be well known or have an impact on the world , and wanting to stop existing .
13,null,null,Yet with the prospect of the latter , comes the failure of the former .
14,null,null,I know that if I lowered my expectations in life I would be mildly happier , yet the thought of settling for mediocrity gives me horrible anxiety and fills me with dread .
15,null,null,Recently things have gotten worse due to my university workload .
16,null,null,I have been having trouble completing assignment and .
17,null,null,functioning in general
18,null,null,I have considered getting help
19,null,null,but I feel deeply uncomfortable at the thought of opening up to someone , since I am not a very emotional person .
20,null,null,I have come to accept that I will probably never be happy .
21,null,null,I have always wondered if I would be more likely to actually commit suicide if I ever attained the level of success
22,null,null,I desire since I would have then achieved my goal in life , or if that would finally bring me the contentment I seek .
23,null,null,I suppose it would be the former since I can never be content .
27 10
 (3, 3),
1,null,null,I am not sad .
2,null,null,I am not sad , but
3,depressed,no motivation,I am lost and have no motivation in doing anything .
4,null,null,It is hurting my school work , and
5,null,null,I am losing my grades .
6,null,null,The only thing I want to do is play video games all day .
7,null,null,I do not know where to go , I am just lost .
8,null,null,I have asked my parents for help at extreme lows , but
9,null,null,they think I am faking and their insurance is awful .
10,null,null,I do not know anymore .
28 15
 (1, 2),
1,depressed,negative mood,Unstuck yourself I used to be stuck in negative mood and had suicide plan at one point .
2,null,null,I did not see the point of doing anything nor meaning of life itself .
3,null,null,One day a light bulb went off .
4,null,null,I realize the world is much bigger than any of us could see or imagine from our corner at a given time .
5,null,null,We should not refuse to do things just because we do not understand the point .
6,null,null,Instead we should celebrate the gift we are given .
7,null,null,Just go do things because we CAN !
8,null,null,If you are lonely , go talk to a homeless person .
9,null,null,You will be surprised how much you could learn .
10,null,null,If someone did you wrong at one time , forgive them and .
11,null,null,live for the future
12,null,null,Life has so much for us to explore .
13,null,null,The trick is to start on one thing .
14,null,null,Put left foot before right foot , then next ..
15,null,null,You will feel better soon once you stop feeling by start doing .
29 23
 (1, 3),(1, 14),
1,depressed,lonely,I am so fucking lonely ..
2,null,null,My husband is my best friend .
3,null,null,He s my dude .
4,null,null,And when he s busy I have friends to fall back on as well .
5,null,null,Recently the whole family got back to back sickness and
6,null,null,we were basically quarantined for two weeks just bumming around trying to get better .
7,null,null,So I let my kid watch too much tv , let my husband play all the video games , so i could do my stuff with out being bothered as well .
8,null,null,Let me also say , I did nt plant my kid in front of the tv for hours on end , but
9,null,null,I have to shower , and keep up with the house because man colds are much more sever ( no .. ) .
10,null,null,Now that were better his behaviors have continued , even though i have spoke to him many times ; things wo nt be like this when were not longer sick .
11,null,null,My kid is not a tv kid and
12,null,null,I plan to keep it that way as long as I can ..
13,null,null,but he ..
14,null,null,he does not want to spend time with me any more , just step away from electronics and just chill and talk and play with our kid together ..
15,null,null,so I wanted to talk to my friends or even my mom ..
16,null,null,and I realized I do not have very many friends .
17,null,null,EDIT :
18,null,null,I do not care about this getting up votes or anything but
19,null,null,sharing it makes me feel a little less lonely .. also sorry for any spelling grammatical errors
20,null,null,i m
21,null,null,usually obsessive
22,null,null,but i feel like shit tlr :
23,null,null,Husband plays games : : stops communicating with me : : Realized he s my only true friend .
30 8
 (1, 5),(1, 7),
1,depressed,sad,I feel like I am a terrible person for being sad
2,null,null,My life is going fine : I have solid grades , I hardly have to study , and
3,null,null,I am financially stable .
4,null,null,However , even though everything is going great I am still sad every day , and .
5,null,null,spend a lot of time thinking about how to kill myself
6,null,null,No one notices that I am sad , and
7,null,null,everyone thinks I must be really happy about how everything is going , and it just makes me feel worse that I can not be happy even when I have everything : every victory is hollow and ever action feels pointless .
8,null,null,I do not even know who to talk to about this because I do not want to bother anyone , people have enough to worry about without me involving them in my problems , especially small ones like my feelings .
31 15
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am Ugly and
2,null,null,it is killing me I am quite young , still a teen .
3,null,null,But I am ugly as fuck .
4,null,null,Even my best friends call me ugly .
5,null,null,Even some people that I barely know have called me ugly in the past .
6,null,null,And I am not fat / out of shape .
7,null,null,It is all in my genes .
8,null,null,I am aware that looks are not everything
9,null,null,but lets be real here ; they matter a lot more than we would like to admit .
10,null,null,Not only when it comes to dating but .
11,null,null,also friendships as well as many other things
12,null,null,We prefer attractive people over unattractive ones no matter the context .
13,null,null,My parents are not ugly , my sister is not ugly , I have no idea why I am as ugly as I am .
14,null,null,It kills me to think about what others think about my looks .
15,null,null,I absolutely hate it .
32 67
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,A letter to my sister , who has conquered her depression
2,null,null,The letter you always wanted to write ..
3,null,null,Family stuff happened and .
4,null,null,those wounds in you festered and festered
5,null,null,No one knew at the beginning .
6,null,null,You hid it well under your sleeves and at the back of your eyes .
7,null,null,Before it all happened , I sometimes looked at you and .
8,null,null,thought that this would happen to you
9,null,null,It is the way you used to hold your emotion .
10,null,null,It is as if you were full to the brim with it , but
11,null,null,you forced it down , shoved it into a box and hid it away .
12,null,null,It was strange , but
13,null,null,I was too young to understand .
14,null,null,And then , slowly but surely , it took you over .
15,null,null,You were so young .
16,null,null,In my worst nightmares I imagined finding your lifeless body .
17,null,null,I could not wake you up .
18,null,null,You would not wake up .
19,null,null,My darling sister , even now I still imagine your cold body .
20,null,null,How can such a deathly and frightening disease exist ?
21,null,null,You wasted away .
22,null,null,Your cheeks were concave , and
23,null,null,you did not even have to bend over for every bone of your spine to be visible .
24,null,null,Your sharp wit and intelligent mind dulled .
25,null,null,Your eyes were dark holes in your face .
26,null,null,They were so empty .
27,null,null,You slept all afternoon and night .
28,null,null,I would lay my cardigan over you so you would not get cold .
29,null,null,But I do not think it made a difference .
30,null,null,You were lost to us , floating in some different universe with no anchor or thread holding you to us .
31,null,null,And then you tried to end it all .
32,null,null,Multiple times .
33,null,null,When I think about it , I blame you sometimes .
34,null,null,But I know that the blame is not really towards you .
35,null,null,It is towards me , of course .
36,null,null,I am your sister .
37,null,null,I should have been your protector .
38,null,null,Is it OK if I say that I could not really do anything but stand there and watch it run its course ?
39,null,null,Or is that just an excuse ?
40,null,null,You are my best friend , even though I am not always yours .
41,null,null,I wish I would be kinder to you , but
42,null,null,I probably will always hold some of myself away .
43,null,null,Maybe I am punishing myself .
44,null,null,I do not know .
45,null,null,No one can say it did not take a toll on all of us .
46,null,null,You probably do not remember , but
47,null,null,we were going to the corner shop together once .
48,null,null,As we chatted , you were vehement that you were a failure .
49,null,null,I asked you , what on earth were you a failure at ?
50,null,null,What life had you lived that you possibly could have failed ?
51,null,null,And you said : I failed at life .
52,null,null,So what was the alternative , my dear ?
53,null,null,Death ?
54,null,null,I am telling you
55,null,null,, I lived those few years in the fear that you would be taken away from us by your own hand .
56,null,null,Even as I am writing this , I do not know where to start or end .
57,null,null,In my mind , it is such a mess .
58,null,null,It does not matter because you are well now .
59,null,null,I have never seen someone work harder .
60,null,null,You are radiant and beautiful and clever and sarcastic and
61,null,null,so special
62,null,null,I could not tell you how much if I tried .
63,null,null,I hope you will always appreciate the battles you have fought and won .
64,null,null,I hope you always believe you are a success .
65,null,null,I wish you all the happiness you deserve .
66,null,null,Love you , babe .
67,null,null,Your sister
33 10
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,How to avoid a relapse ?
2,null,null,I have been having a particularly rough year ; I attempted suicide , the love of my life left me , I failed my year at university , I have been physically assaulted , I have been sexually assaulted and
3,null,null,today my grandfather died .
4,null,null,I feel like I am running on empty and doing the bare minimum to survive for myself while trying to be a rock to others .
5,null,null,My emotional resilience has been wiped out .
6,null,null,I feel " okay "
7,null,null,but I have felt like this in the past and
8,null,null,it has turned out that I have just been lying to myself and making things worse .
9,null,null,Any advice on how to manage / process my emotions ?
10,null,null,Or just how to better understand myself ?
34 30
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Falling back into it I am 16 , and
2,null,null,this weekend , I got into a big argument with my girlfriend of 7 months .
3,null,null,We had not seen each other in 2 weeks , and .
4,null,null,our plans to see each other fell through
5,null,null,I tried to save our plans , but
6,null,null,she seemed disinterested .
7,null,null,I was so distraught and caught up in sadness and self - hatred that I , wanting to distance myself from the situation , not just leaving it alone , told her I wanted to break up with her out of sheer emotional irrationality .
8,null,null,It turns out I was sadder without her , and
9,null,null,she reached out to me to talk soon later .
10,null,null,We got back together , and
11,null,null,she said she was okay .
12,null,null,The way she described the whole situation let me know she understood my plight completely , but
13,null,null,I ruined her that day
14,null,null,and she is been off ever since .
15,null,null,She painted her nails black , , .
16,null,null,screamed at her parents
17,null,null,texted all her friends to tell them how much of a terrible person I was , wrote " Anon is a piece of shit cunt " in her bathroom mirror in sharpie , and cried all day from the story she told
18,null,null,I have fallen into a depression of guilt to a magnitude that I have not experienced since I was a self - loathing near - friendless 7th grader with pent up emotions drowning it all out with video games while tanking his grades , watching the few distant friends get reward after reward , trophy after trophy .
19,null,null,I feel like I am a piece of shit that does not deserve to breathe the air on this earth , and
20,null,null,I do not know what to do .
21,null,null,My parents are very unsympathetic and judgmental and
22,null,null,my brother is borderline abusive .
23,null,null,My girlfriend is the only one left who understands me .
24,null,null,At this point , it is just me who has the problem , as she is gotten over the whole debacle , or so she says .
25,null,null,Her mom even said " ehh , you two were just stressed out teenagers " , but
26,null,null,I am still not convinced .
27,null,null,I feel like there is something deeply wrong with me .
28,null,null,Is there any advice or words of wisdom that I need to hear ?
29,null,null,I want to get back to normal .
30,null,null,I do not know how I will deal with feeling completely alone again and losing the people close to me emotionally .
35 7
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,do people ever find their jobs interesting ?
2,null,null,you have gone to school and ..
3,null,null,studied and worked hard to get the job you have alway wanted
4,null,null,is it as interesting as you hoped it would be before you got the job ?
5,null,null,or was it just a waste of time ?
6,null,null,cause all i see online are people complaining that your dream job is not really what it seems
7,null,null,and i wanted to know if life is just gon na keep getting more depressing even if you get your dream job
36 17
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,How to find friends
2,null,null,I know I probably sound extremely pathetic
3,null,null,but I just do nt know how to find friends that like the stuff I like .
4,null,null,I live in germany ,
5,null,null,so metalheads do nt just Hang out in the skate Parks
6,null,null,, in General i rarely see them .
7,null,null,I ca nt go to concerts to meet them because most of them are 18 + , and I am not 18 yet .
8,null,null,There is a concert I want to go to
9,null,null,so bad , but because of that .
10,null,null,ca nt
11,null,null,And I am really sad because all these years I tried being friends with people completely different , and
12,null,null,all it did was make me more depressed and feel like I was a mistake .
13,null,null,Clubs are 18 + too .
14,null,null,I really do nt know what to do , because I just once want to feel like I belong somewhere into a group of people .
15,null,null,I sound so lonely and
16,null,null,desperate
17,null,null,I apologize
37 19
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,My family underestimate my depression and .
2,null,null,say it is just me following other depressed teens
3,null,null,It frustrates me that no one takes my feelings seriously .
4,null,null,I do not want to talk to anyone , I isolate myself but
5,null,null,deep down
6,null,null,I just want to be normal again .
7,null,null,I failed my SAT is
8,null,null,and that was my only way out of my situation .
9,null,null,I feel guilty that my mood and my sadness affects my family
10,null,null,but I can not help it .
11,null,null,And not being able to control it just makes it worse .
12,null,null,I can not make connections with anyone .
13,null,null,Everyone my age is traveling or and
14,null,null,in relationships
15,null,null,here I am , sad and crying myself to sleep at night .
16,null,null,I feel hopeless and stupid .
17,null,null,I am 18 .
18,null,null,I should be out there living my best life
19,null,null,but I am just wasting away in my bed .
38 30
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Ashamed of being depressed .
2,null,null,I have never been " diagnosed " with depression
3,null,null,but I think that I am there .
4,null,null,Girlfriend decided she needed " space "
5,null,null,so that took me down more , found a car I really wanted but
6,null,null,after days of number crunching I decided I could not afford ,
7,null,null,my exiting car and house repairs keep racking up .
8,null,null,I have few friends and .
9,null,null,live alone
10,null,null,Honestly I feel bad every day .
11,null,null,I get to work an hour late and dread it , for no reason .
12,null,null,It is not hard and
13,null,null,I generally enjoy it while I am there .
14,null,null,I feel almost certain that I am depressed , but
15,null,null,why ?
16,null,null,I feel bad about that .
17,null,null,I own my own house , my own car , and , yet
18,null,null,have no real money problems
19,null,null,I feel like shit constantly .
20,null,null,My sister is a recovering addict .
21,null,null,I have seen how low people can go , yet
22,null,null,I am not even close .
23,null,null,I have generally been lucky and , yet
24,null,null,have done reasonably well for myself
25,null,null,I still feel down .
26,null,null,No real life partner to speak of , very few friends .
27,null,null,But I feel that being upset and down about it is wrong because so many people have it so much worse .
28,null,null,Is that wrong ?
29,null,null,I dunno .
30,null,null,This week has been very bad for me .
39 70
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am losing the girl I have been with for 7 years
2,null,null,and it is because of my drug use , really bummed
3,null,null,I have been with this girl since 9th grade
4,null,null,I am now 23
5,null,null,and I can honestly say I love her with my whole heart .
6,null,null,I have been abusing drugs of all variety since I was 15 , herion , meth , pills , uppers , downers , alcohol , marijuana , research chemicals , but
7,null,null,, it does not matter
8,null,null,I prefer if it fits into a syringe .
9,null,null,I have been to rehab 9 times since I was 15
10,null,null,I would get sober then relapse sober then relapse sober etc ..
11,null,null,I have had legal trouble and
12,null,null,been in and out of jail
13,null,null,she has been with me through it all , she has always been my better half .
14,null,null,No words can explain how blessed I have been to have her .
15,null,null,This past relapse
16,null,null,I was clean for two years before hand and
17,null,null,our relationship had never been better
18,null,null,we were both happy
19,null,null,we both trusted and
20,null,null,we both loved no matter what .
21,null,null,She helped me get my g.e.d .
22,null,null,And she helped me through my grandfathers death ( he raised me ) .
23,null,null,I had subtle depression over it
24,null,null,I felt like
25,null,null,that was normal losing a loved one and all ,
26,null,null,but I eventually stopped doing the things I was susposed to to maintain my sobriety
27,null,null,, I felt like I was cured and no longer needed all the recovery stuff .
28,null,null,I was wrong .
29,null,null,So one day I decided to take some benzodiazepines and
30,null,null,that made me go straight to crystal meth in the time frame of a week
31,null,null,I was back shooting meth spending all of my money on it and staying up for days .
32,null,null,When on meth I have serious delusions I accused her of cheating on me
33,null,null,I actually believed these delusions with my whole heart
34,null,null,I felt so betrayed and hurt
35,null,null,, I wanted to die .
36,null,null,What I feel like really did
37,null,null,it was
38,null,null,I accused her of cheating on Facebook .
39,null,null,Even after multiple people telling me
40,null,null,I was wrong
41,null,null,I could not believe it
42,null,null,, I just KNEW everybody was out to get me especially her
43,null,null,, I was very unfair and .
44,null,null,called her names and called her at all hours of the night , completely out of character of me
45,null,null,After being the good loving boyfriend she knows and loves for two years I suddenly became a monster .
46,null,null,I totaled the vehicle I owned and .
47,null,null,went to jail for possession with intent ( Benzodiazepines ) possession of marijuana and dui
48,null,null,I sat there for two months ( thank god ) while I was in there
49,null,null,she told me she just could not do this with me anymore and told me she has somebody else in her life , this crushed me .
50,null,null,I contemplated suicide while I was in there .
51,null,null,fought anybody that even remotely rubbed me the wrong way and lost my appetite could not sleep
52,null,null,So I get out
53,null,null,and I know that I should just stay away from her because I love her
54,null,null,and I do not want to hinder her pursuing something else , I respected her decision to move on , after all I did publicly humiliate her .
55,null,null,So right now I have been sober a month
56,null,null,and I feel good in a clear minded healthy way , but
57,null,null,I have this hole she used where to be
58,null,null,I find myself riding around for hours thinking and crying .
59,null,null,I am very upset that I let this happen , currently I just can not keep my mind off of her
60,null,null,I just want our love and friendship back .
61,null,null,I am very depressed and
62,null,null,lately I have thought about using again
63,null,null,but I would rather kill myself before I do that
64,null,null,, I can not get high anymore
65,null,null,I would honestly rather be dead .
66,null,null,I am going to NA meetings , going to church , praying all day , but
67,null,null,I can not seem to ever feel better about losing her no matter
68,null,null,what positive things I do .
69,null,null,I would rather be dead then to live without her
70,null,null,and I do not know what else to do .
40 5
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,After 8 years .. I think I am doing it , I am going to sit down and talk to my mom about my depression .
2,null,null,I will do it soon , .
3,null,null,either the 6th , or 13th
4,null,null,I m not sure how its going to go
5,null,null,but hopefully its the step in the right direction .
41 27
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I do not know what it is like to be not depressed .
2,null,null,Hi my name is ahmulz and
3,null,null,I am depressed .
4,null,null,Been depressed arguably since I was 15 ( 25 now ) .
5,null,null,Looking back on my childhood , I can definitely see some signs of childhood depression .
6,null,null,The past year has been particularly bad in terms of my mental health .
7,null,null,I am better than I was a year ago .
8,null,null,I have joined a gym .
9,null,null,I do pole dancing .
10,null,null,I got a cat .
11,null,null,I have a therapist .
12,null,null,I am medicated .
13,null,null,I volunteer more .
14,null,null,I see occasional good things in myself .
15,null,null,I am not actively suicidal anymore .
16,null,null,Yet .. I am still depressed .
17,null,null,I have changed my life so fucking much
18,null,null,and I am still fucking depressed .
19,null,null,I still have more work to do to " fix myself " ( fucking diet , fucking exercise , bullshit mindfulness )
20,null,null,but it all just feels like so much goddamn work at the end of the day .
21,null,null,I do not know what I am working towards .
22,null,null,I can not comprehend a world in which I do not wake up in an apartment that needs to be cleaned because I am too tired and too lazy to do it or that I do not spend my time in a numb , self - loathing void .
23,null,null,I do not know how people get through their days liking themselves or liking their life .
24,null,null,It is frustrating and lonely .
25,null,null,There are some days where I wish I was suicidal because the rest of my life would not feel so long and full of drudgery .
26,null,null,I can not see me getting well .
27,null,null,I just can not .
42 25
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I have dealt with panic / anxiety / depression / ptsd for some time now .
2,null,null,I was in a 14 year abusive marriage and
3,null,null,it has been two years since I left that marriage .
4,null,null,This past August was one year since my divorce was final .
5,null,null,I have two children , both boys , 6 and 10 .
6,null,null,My ten year old has ADHD and .
7,null,null,depression
8,null,null,I worry constantly for my kids because of what they saw during our marriage .
9,null,null,There are
10,null,null,so many times I get so overwhelmed and .
11,null,null,just need to be around people who just " get it
12,null,null," When I left , I brought my kids and myself home to my parents .
13,null,null,I have been with them since .
14,null,null,My mother , does not " get it . "
15,null,null,She thinks that just because I left the marriage , I should be okay by now .
16,null,null,Well I guess 14 years may take a little longer than 2 years to fix .
17,null,null,I used to come here a long time ago .
18,null,null,I am glad I came back .
19,null,null,I have seen so many familiar faces already and .
20,null,null,met new ones as well
21,null,null,I just want a place where I feel I belong .
22,null,null,A place where I can go when I just need someone to be there .
23,null,null,It is been a long road , with many twists and turns ..
24,null,null,I guess it is like that poem , the road less traveled .
25,null,null,I guess that means learning the hard way .
43 25
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I have no idea what to do My husband
2,null,null,and I got into an argument last night that has lasted until this morning .
3,null,null,Through out the entire argument , he has called me horrible names and .
4,null,null,hurt me deep
5,null,null,I thought i was almost over my depression
6,null,null,, I thought i was getting better , but
7,null,null,the things he has said has taken me from where I thought I was all the way back down to extremely emotional and having suicidal thoughts .
8,null,null,The argument started because I was talking too loudly to his son while trying to correct his behaviour .
9,null,null,I am 38 weeks pregnant , and .
10,null,null,lately have been easily annoyed and upset by the boy not listening to me
11,null,null,My husband called me a bunch of hurtful things because I tried to explain why I was so upset .
12,null,null,Later on in the night he told me my mom and oldest sister were no longer allowed to visit me for the birth of our child .
13,null,null,Then he spent several more hours talking about how they were " rot gut whores " and how he does not want them around HIS son all because 2 years ago my sister invited me to a christmas dinner
14,null,null,she knew I was nt going to show up for and did not specifically include my husband in the invitation .
15,null,null,Yet his mom is coming a few weeks after , and
16,null,null,she had left him and his brother to fend for themselves in a trailer in the middle of a forest only showing up to bring them food when they called her and begged her for it .
17,null,null,But because she " has not done anything to offend " me , he is totally ok with her showing up .
18,null,null,Now he is talking about how if I want my mom to be here so bad , I can leave with her when she visits .
19,null,null,And I have fully expressed how depressed I am to him
20,null,null,and he is not even worried in the slightest .
21,null,null,He just keeps refering to my past as a teen who would sleep with practically anyone to try to get some sort of pleasure out of life , saying he bets I want to go back to that , that i would treat his son better if he were black , and that i would try harder to not upset my husband if he were black .
22,null,null,Part of me hopes something goes
23,null,null,REALLY wrong in the birthing process and .
24,null,null,that I will die or be put in a coma from it
25,null,null,I have never felt so useless , stranded , and alone in my entire life .
44 11
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,19 and
2,null,null,never had a relationshp
3,null,null,Boys show me attention , but
4,null,null,I always deny them
5,null,null,and I do not know why .
6,null,null,I have never done anything with a guy even though there have been so many opportunities presented to me , but
7,null,null,I always say no .
8,null,null,I want a boyfriend , I want to have sex .
9,null,null,All my friends are in relationships .
10,null,null,I think there is something wrong with me because I keep saying no to the things I want .
11,null,null,I feel lonely .
45 9
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,My depression is so strong that I can not even enjoy music !
2,null,null,Music has been my favorite pass time for a year or so .
3,null,null,It really helps with my depression and anxiety .
4,null,null,Sadly , I am in such a deep depressive episode that I can not enjoy it , it feels more like background music , I just can not enjoy it .
5,null,null,I am also anxious , I do not really know why .
6,null,null,I just started a new subreddit , it makes me anxious thinking about it .
7,null,null,Maybe I should remove it .
8,null,null,Oh well .
9,null,null,Thanks for reading
46 8
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am getting tired of this world mentally and physically ..
2,null,null,I am at my wits
3,null,null,end
4,null,null,I am stressing , reliving painful memories and always everyone is second choice .
5,null,null,No one really cares they say it
6,null,null,but it is not true .
7,null,null,My depersonalization just makes it worse .
8,null,null,I feel disconnected from everyone and everything including my family and girlfriend
47 6
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,No one is gon na read this
2,null,null,Nobody likes me and
3,null,null,every time I interact on reddit
4,null,null,i tend to be a laughstock and receive a bunch of downvotes , because I am a worthless piece of shit that should not even be breathing .
5,null,null,Just wish to be happy
6,null,null,but that is impossible , my only purpose is to choke on a fat dick and die because i am a faggot
48 7
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Bursting into tears at pigeon dying
2,null,null,So one effect of my depression is I get really , really , really sad about some things .
3,null,null,I just saw a pigeon get hit by the bus I would just gotten off of ;
4,null,null,when I went to help it , it got hit by another car
5,null,null,and I head it is skull smash .
6,null,null,I am absolutely devastated and .
7,null,null,can not stop myself crying at work
49 31
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I just need my spirit to settle In its totality
2,null,null,it does not have to be about wins and loses , or .
3,null,null,I failed what to do
4,null,null,Neither does it have to be about my past years and the thoughts that come with immense feelings that appears to haunt me .
5,null,null,The behaviors and mentality that I have does not have to be the end .
6,null,null,all be all
7,null,null,One major thing to include that its not about growth or conquering something in life .
8,null,null,I am not living to grow or to become strong after a catastrophic situation .
9,null,null,I am looking for my spirit to simply just settle .
10,null,null,I am not seeking any advice nor .
11,null,null,trying to raise my fist towards challenges
12,null,null,I am not seeking any of that just a settling of the inner me .
13,null,null,To me , that is important than anything else because I would gladly be able to live with that when I one day be out of this earth .
14,null,null,I am not the goal oriented type .
15,null,null,Its not about climbing this ladder of life .
16,null,null,I am not here for any of what most people are striving for .
17,null,null,I seek for my spirit to settle for all these years .
18,null,null,That is what I am chasing .
19,null,null,Most people are chasing dreams , families , success , marriages , money , respect , and fame , but not this human .
20,null,null,More power to them
21,null,null,and I am sure they will obtain all those things
22,null,null,but I for one am not seeking to obtain .
23,null,null,The human game is a serious thing filled with losses and wins .
24,null,null,I do not wanna count anymore nor .
25,null,null,try to get to the next level of life
26,null,null,Cycling through the infinite regrets and regression .
27,null,null,The only goal is for this spirit to settle some type of way .
28,null,null,I am gunning for an internal calmness .
29,null,null,Something that can penetrate and flood the mind of mine .
30,null,null,Something that can provide some internal at ease like affect for myself .
31,null,null,So I say to my spirit , I hope you settle .
50 43
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Torn .
2,null,null,Need advice ..
3,null,null,Hey Reddit .
4,null,null,I am not sure how to start all this
5,null,null,but i m going to explain to my best ability .
6,null,null,Here goes .
7,null,null,So , i have i had depression and anxiety give or take 3 years .
8,null,null,I recently opened up about it to my girlfriend and
9,null,null,she encouraged me to open up about it to my mother .
10,null,null,I told her about almost everything .
11,null,null,The one thing i did not mention to her was the .. suicidal thoughts .
12,null,null,Now , for our family feelings is nt our thing .
13,null,null,We keep everything closed up and .
14,null,null,then repress it all
15,null,null,That s what i have been doing for years not just with depression but everything .
16,null,null,Now , these past three days have been brutal on me .
17,null,null,I had no want to leave my bed or eat or even sleep .
18,null,null,I just lay there and .
19,null,null,listen to music
20,null,null,I have been having suicial thoughts here and .
21,null,null,there these past three days
22,null,null,I will have happy moments here and there .
23,null,null,But it does nt last ( shocker ) and
24,null,null,i just go back to feeling like pure awfulness .
25,null,null,So , I am a 17 y / o male
26,null,null,and I start senior year in August .
27,null,null,We are a military family .
28,null,null,My dream is the military .
29,null,null,That s all i have ever wanted .
30,null,null,I want to follow my brothers footsteps because he is a total badass .
31,null,null,All i ve ever talked about to people , when they ask me what i want , to do is how badly i want to join the military .
32,null,null,I do not think , with my current mental state , that i should go to the military .
33,null,null,But i also fully believe that if i do nt go i will disappoint everyone around me and they will be disgusted in me and i also believe that i will fall deeper into this dark hole i have been in .
34,null,null,I have come to ask you guys , Any ideas on what to do ?
35,null,null,I am taking a cross country trip in 2 weeks with my brother
36,null,null,and I will ask him some things about this
37,null,null,and hopefully it will clear my head .
38,null,null,Thank you for reading .
39,null,null,I forgot to mention .
40,null,null,I want to go get help .
41,null,null,get put on medication .
42,null,null,But the military does nt accept people who are on anti depressants .
43,null,null,What do i do ?
51 6
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Hey , I am a student at university
2,null,null,and I think I am going have depression .
3,null,null,I cry all the time for no reason , I feel like my life has no purpose .
4,null,null,I have severe self esteem issues and
5,null,null,I am really unmotivated with life .
6,null,null,Sometimes I think it will just be better to just kill my self , I hate feeling like this
52 9
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Cold turkey off antidepressants for over a month .
2,null,null,I have been cold turkey from my antidepressants for over a month .
3,null,null,Sounds stupid to say that I completely forgot to take them for two weeks
4,null,null,but I have been doing so many different jobs over the summer that I have hardly been home .
5,null,null,For the first couple of weeks , I was fine .
6,null,null,Now as time has gone on , the suicidal thoughts have returned along with extremely low moments , mania and anxiety attacks .
7,null,null,I would NOT recommend going cold turkey .
8,null,null,I can not believe I have been THAT stupid .
9,null,null,I have just taken my first antidepressant just now .
53 6
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,People think I just want attention if I bring my depression up
2,null,null,What is the point and
3,null,null,why is wanting attention so bad anyway ?
4,null,null,Who would not want to be told that they matter and that everything will be fine ?
5,null,null,If I wanted attention so badly why would I pretend to be depressed ?
6,null,null,Why not just make up a happy story about my day instead of risking sounding like a psychopath ?
54 16
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I know this might not fall under " depression " , but
2,null,null,it strongly relates to my depression .
3,null,null,Example : Today I ran into a kid Brendon from my school and
4,null,null,he said hi and started to talk to me .
5,null,null,I went on with the conversation , but .
6,null,null,felt so uncomfortable
7,null,null,I know him and all , but
8,null,null,after the conversation , I find myself saying "
9,null,null,Wow .. that was awful ..
10,null,null,I suck at life .
11,null,null," I hate myself and
12,null,null,I always think that everyone is laughing at me .
13,null,null,Even when two people are laughing I always think that they are laughing at me .
14,null,null,I am purposely putting off my license test because of this fear .
15,null,null,Does anyone have any helping words ?
16,null,null,Thank you everyone .
55 32
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Does anyone else get very angry at just stupid little things ?
2,null,null,It seems like over the last few months everyone around me is getting all they want out of life , and I am suffering with depression .
3,null,null,Which , of course , makes me feel worse
4,null,null,and then I feel guilty for not being happy for them .
5,null,null,BUT , I also get angry when they " flaunt " their happiness around me .
6,null,null,My roommate just started seeing someone she met off eharmony .
7,null,null,We both signed up at the same time for fun , and
8,null,null,while I was rejected time and time again , she was SO picky and then started seeing the first guy she went out with .
9,null,null,I am happy that she found someone
10,null,null,and she really deserves it , but
11,null,null,I get so ANGRY that she is constantly doing things with him .
12,null,null,It is like I have been replaced .
13,null,null,I feel like a 5 year old for thinking that , but
14,null,null,I just can not help how I feel .
15,null,null,Today , for example , I asked her if she wanted to watch a movie I had gotten off our digital cable .
16,null,null,We have it until 9 tonight
17,null,null,and she said she would like to .
18,null,null,I was pretty excited seeing as how I had not been invited to a couple of events this weekend in lieu of ZACH going .
19,null,null,Well , she just came down stairs and .
20,null,null,said that Zach is going to be coming over now
21,null,null,This ticks me off because she broke our plans , and I do not have a way to " escape " when they are here .
22,null,null,I am sure she is going to want to watch that movie with Zach , and
23,null,null,, I know I am being selfish , but I do not WANT him here tonight .
24,null,null,I have not gotten to see Angela
25,null,null,all weekend and the one night we have before going back to work
26,null,null,HE is going to be here .
27,null,null,So I have to put on my happy face and pretend that I am glad for her and happy that she has someone and engage him in conversation when all I will feel like doing is crying .
28,null,null,It is unfair !
29,null,null,Why does it seem like when you are depressed , everyone around you has these GREAT things happening in their life .
30,null,null,Angela just got a promotion , a new car , and now a new boyfriend .
31,null,null,I am stuck in the same job , same crushing car payment , and
32,null,null,I have not dated anyone in over 6 years .
56 7
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I just took a shower for the first time in 2 weeks , and
2,null,null,I just washed my hair for the first time in months .
3,null,null,I know that is absolutely disgusting , but
4,null,null,Depression has made me lose all will to do anything , and that includes hygiene .
5,null,null,I know it is pathetic to be proud of myself for doing something normal people
6,null,null,do every day , but
7,null,null,I can not help but feel happy about myself .
57 9
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am not dead .
2,null,null,I am trying my best now to get a full recovery
3,null,null,First off sorry to anyone in this sub who messaged me or was worried about what I posted before .
4,null,null,I have not even come on here besides to see the front page .
5,null,null,I did not hang myself although I was really close too .
6,null,null,It would have been my third attempt and
7,null,null,even though shit sucks right now I am trying my best not to .
8,null,null,Thank you for whoever attempted to talk me out of it , I read them all .
9,null,null,Here is to all of us getting better and living our lives to the fullest
58 3
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,It kinda makes me sad that most of the people on this subreddit are amazing people
2,null,null,Nearly every post I have made under my accounts have always gotten really heartfelt replies that I could not hope to get from anyone that I have met irl .
3,null,null,It makes me sad that these people have to deal with depression , they do not deserve it .
59 19
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I had a lousy night .
2,null,null,I went to a street dance with my PARENTS , and .
3,null,null,was just so alone
4,null,null,I have been single for two months , and
5,null,null,meeting new guys in my small town is so hard .
6,null,null,I do not drink or , and
7,null,null,do drugs
8,null,null,that is all a lot of them do .
9,null,null,I work an evening shirt at the local factory , and
10,null,null,I can not seem to find anyone with the same interests and values as me .
11,null,null,I am really in to horses and the outdoors and everyone my age
12,null,null,just seems to want to get drunk and party .
13,null,null,I am already depressed , and
14,null,null,this whole thing is just not helping .
15,null,null,I am close to my parents , and
16,null,null,I love spending time with them , but I am afraid guys just see me as some loser who can not grow up or something .
17,null,null,Does anyone have any advice on how to just meet people who are not into parting ?
18,null,null,Does anyone else come from small towns with this same problem !
19,null,null,Thanks bunches .
60 14
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,All I have wanted for years is to die .
2,null,null,Idk how to want anything else anymore I am not even that stick anymore .
3,null,null,I just do not feel like life is worth living at least not my life .
4,null,null,I do not want to do anything .
5,null,null,Its all just effort .
6,null,null,And for what ?
7,null,null,It never makes me happy .
8,null,null,I might as well climb in bed and .
9,null,null,never get out of it
10,null,null,I am not happy anyway
11,null,null,what difference if other people are not happy with me .
12,null,null,What s the point ?
13,null,null,Nothing is happy in my life
14,null,null,and I do not care enough to change that .
61 33
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,this is my first post .
2,null,null,I am 27 , 5 and a half months pregnant dealing with depression / anxiety .
3,null,null,I have taken antidepressants off and on for a few years but because my husband and I were trying to conceive .
4,null,null,stopped this summer
5,null,null,My pregnancy has been pretty rough this time around ..
6,null,null,( I have an 8 year old son ) .
7,null,null,I have had joint problems , severe morning sickness .. and terrible depression / anxiety .
8,null,null,My husband just does not understand what I am going through ..
9,null,null,he thinks that I am being hateful or sad on purpose .
10,null,null,He contributes to a lot of the way that I feel .
11,null,null,He told me early in the pregnancy , that if something was to happen and I lose the baby or it was born with something wrong with it , he would have a hard time not blaming me for it even if the doctor said that nothing could have prevented it .
12,null,null,This was said to me because I was not taking my prenatal vitamins at the time because of the morning sickness .
13,null,null,I could see if I were using drugs or drinking
14,null,null,but I do not do those things .
15,null,null,I do not understand his thinking on that subject .
16,null,null,My mother in law is another person getting on my nerves .
17,null,null,She comes over uninvited and .
18,null,null,gives out unwanted advice
19,null,null,She also has a way of making me angry with her thoughtless comments which are hurtful and unnecessary .
20,null,null,I can not talk to my husband about this because he would see me as the " bad guy " .
21,null,null,Sometimes I just want to be alone .. away from people ..
22,null,null,I feel like I do not have any privacy anymore .
23,null,null,My husband always makes me feel worse when I talk to him about how I feel .
24,null,null,I do not know why he aggravates me to talk to him
25,null,null,then always says ..
26,null,null," Well , you ought to be thankful ..
27,null,null,rrblah rrblah rrblah " .
28,null,null,It is not like I do not know that I could have it worse ..
29,null,null,but he never cares what I feel at that moment .
30,null,null,I guess I better shut up ..
31,null,null,I have ranted long enough ..
32,null,null,although I feel like I could go on forever ..
33,null,null,so sorry for the long post ..
62 10
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,What do you do after a full days work ?
2,null,null,What are your hobbies , habits , and routines ?
3,null,null,What keeps you busy ?
4,null,null,When I am not busy and productive is when I get the most depressed .
5,null,null,Keeping my mind occupied is critical , but
6,null,null,I also suck with routine in my life .
7,null,null,The only things I routinely do are go to my day job , .
8,null,null,work out afterwards , and eat dinner
9,null,null,Other than that it is all up in the air .
10,null,null,Just want to see how everyone else spends their time after an 8 + hour day .
63 28
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I do not know what good being here will do
2,null,null,but I NEED someone to talk to .
3,null,null,I am so depressed that I am actually crying while I am typing this .
4,null,null,I am a single mother of three
5,null,null,( one lives with me ) .
6,null,null,I have no job .
7,null,null,I have a tremendous amount of clerical skills and
8,null,null,am currently in college
9,null,null,but I feel like the world is crashing down around me .
10,null,null,I have been on Prozac since 1986 because of the loss of both my parents .
11,null,null,I have no one to talk to , no friends , no family .
12,null,null,I have no one to turn to .
13,null,null,I up and
14,null,null,left my last job because of a fight between my boss and I.
15,null,null,If I get into conflict when I am depressed
16,null,null,I run away from things .
17,null,null,Now I can not get a job because when they call the job for references , they slam me .
18,null,null,I get no child support for my son because if I go to file they will make me pay
19,null,null,( I have no income at all except for money that I am able to borrow )
20,null,null,my ex because he has two of my kids .
21,null,null,( He makes a tremendous amount of money but .
22,null,null,will not even give me lunch money for our youngest son )
23,null,null,I am at the bottom of the tunnel ( been here for some time now ) and can not see the light .
24,null,null,I have been trying and
25,null,null,trying to get a job
26,null,null,but the door keeps being slammed in my face .
27,null,null,I feel like crap and .
28,null,null,can not cope with it any more
64 15
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,i have to get this out ,
2,null,null,goodnight on my instagram , i post a message every night telling people not to hurt themselves and other things that might make them feel better .
3,null,null,every night , and i have gotten at least a 100 messages back telling me how much i have helped .
4,null,null,but i can not even take my own advice .
5,null,null,i do not listen to myself .
6,null,null,i have depression , anxiety , and suicidal thoughts constantly , but
7,null,null,it is been getting to hard to fight .
8,null,null,i am exhausted when i wake up .
9,null,null,there is so much more , i can not explain .
10,null,null,depression for me like something invisible is suffocating me constantly , literally every waking minute i suffer .
11,null,null,the only thing holding me back is guilt .
12,null,null,but i will not feel it when i am dead .
13,null,null,reddit , this might be my goodbye .
14,null,null,i will let you know if i wake up .
15,null,null,if anyone ever reads this , you are stronger than me .
65 34
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am lost .
2,null,null,I do not know what to do .
3,null,null,Hey guys .
4,null,null,This is my first post here , I made this account because I need to vent
5,null,null,and I have no one else to listen to me .
6,null,null,To an outsider , my life seems okay : I am married to a great guy , I have a good job that pays well , my family is healthy and I have friends .
7,null,null,To me , my life is unbearable .
8,null,null,I am not ungrateful and , but
9,null,null,I really do appreciate everything that I have in my life
10,null,null,it is very hard for me to get out of bed in the morning and live out my day .
11,null,null,One of my main problems is my weight .
12,null,null,I know this may seem vain to some of you , but
13,null,null,it is a huge problem for me , someone who already struggles with low self esteem .
14,null,null,I have gained about 15 lbs in a year , and
15,null,null,I can not control what I eat , nor can I motivate myself to work out .
16,null,null,I do not recognize myself anymore ,
17,null,null,none of my old clothes fit , and I can not seem to be able to do anything about it .
18,null,null,Every day , I tell myself , I will eat healthy , I will make better decisions , I will not speak down to myself , etc ..
19,null,null,, I will not hate myself
20,null,null,Each and every day , I fail .
21,null,null,This kills me .
22,null,null,My second problem is that I have a well paying job
23,null,null,but it is very stressful and demanding .
24,null,null,It takes up the majority of my day and
25,null,null,this stress feeds into my poor eating habits .
26,null,null,I have considered quitting
27,null,null,but I can not justify saying no to the money .
28,null,null,I am scared that if I quit to try to focus on myself , I will just eat more and more because I will be less busy .
29,null,null,I am a lazy , unmotivated person who is notorious for making excuses for herself .
30,null,null,I really need some guidance .
31,null,null,I hate waking up .
32,null,null,I hate getting out of bed .
33,null,null,I do not even want to shower or function .
34,null,null,I do not know what to do .
66 6
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,This is the nicest group of people on the internet .
2,null,null,I would come here everyday even if there was not so much helpful advice on here .
3,null,null,Especially when I am having a particularly bad time , when I do not even feel like playing my PS4 .
4,null,null,Instead of just staring at my game library I open up this subreddit .
5,null,null,Makes me feel like I am not alone .
6,null,null,And with everything shitty going on in this world , and all the shitty people around me / us , it is really comforting to see a community online that is being so nice and helpful to each other .
67 18
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,This morning M finally confessed and
2,null,null,now I know the truth
3,null,null,: This IS summer here .
4,null,null,I realize I spend a lot of time talking about food , the weather and nudity on this blog , but
5,null,null,these seem to be re - occurring themes of my new life and , really -- what is more important than having nice food while naked in excellent weather ?
6,null,null,Not much , I say .
7,null,null,So , despite the long arduous months of patiently awaiting the promised beauty of a Dutch summer , what I am really getting is this : Virtually constant canopy of gray / black clouds ?
8,null,null,Check !
9,null,null,Scarves and light jackets lest the freezing summer temperatures turn your nipples to stone ?
10,null,null,Check !
11,null,null,Got your umbrella for sudden downpours that may or may not contain hail ?
12,null,null,Check Check !
13,null,null,Surly attitude because you can not wear your pretty sandals ( unless you like blue toes ) and your boyfriend is been lying to you for months about the upcoming lekker warm weather ?
14,null,null,Check and !
15,null,null,check and check
16,null,null,Try to ignore that previous blog entry within which I detailed all the nice things about Holland at this time of year and the fact that the weather was oven - hot .
17,null,null,Apparently , that was a freak of nature .
18,null,null,Though I do still love the little lambs .
68 39
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Hi everyone !
2,null,null,I have been trying to find something or someone to help me out depression for ages , but
3,null,null,I am not an open person and it is been very difficult for me .
4,null,null,I was never happy with my life and .
5,null,null,been just running away from problems
6,null,null,I left home when I was 18 and went to London .
7,null,null,I wanted to start new life , but .
8,null,null,moved 11 times since then and always hoped I will be happy in the new place
9,null,null,But it is getting worse and worse , I am back home now , and .
10,null,null,start to realize , that I have nowhere to run and I am getting old for that
11,null,null,I had a best friend in London , but
12,null,null,she just used me and left when my ex went to jail .
13,null,null,I have no one to talk to
14,null,null,and I found so difficult to find new friends .
15,null,null,I never talk about my problems , just to myself ,
16,null,null,when I am with people , I am completely different person
17,null,null,, I am so shy
18,null,null,and I hate it .
19,null,null,I hate it when I want to say something , but
20,null,null,my mind does not let me and I am just upset on myself .
21,null,null,I do not remember the morning , when I woke up with a good mood or without headache .
22,null,null,I have been thinking so much , that even when I stop I still feel this horrible pain in my head .
23,null,null,I tried to bring my confidence up with drugs , but
24,null,null,they just made it worse
25,null,null,and I feel even more depressed .
26,null,null,I have been thinking everyday .
27,null,null,What am I going to do ?
28,null,null,and what is the worse about all this
29,null,null,is that when I decide something what I feel is right and in few hours or minutes I think about it again and my feelings change and change again .
30,null,null,..
31,null,null,it is driving me crazy .
32,null,null,I am getting so sensitive on everything , I am crying from watching a stupid cartoon , or listening to the music .
33,null,null,, I feel sick or strange high on everything I put in my mouth
34,null,null,I think I have lost myself , I can not see the point of life anymore .
35,null,null,Suicide ?
36,null,null,I tried that , but now I am afraid of death , I am afraid of everything .
37,null,null,I would be glad if I could find some friends here ..
38,null,null,at least one , who understand and could beat this depressive moods with me .
39,null,null,Love , Angela , 23
69 66
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I have had a rough time of things lately , which is partly what made me search for this site .
2,null,null,I have had recurrent unipolar depression since my mid teens with an associated anxiety disorder and a panic disorder that took root 5 years ago after I beat a drink problem I had at the time ( between the age of 22 and 25
3,null,null,I used alcohol as a bit of a crutch which was a huge mistake ) .
4,null,null,Anyway these days I am teetotal , on anti depressants and .
5,null,null,only really get a bad time with my depression A during the winter months or B if something triggers an episode ( circumstantial )
6,null,null,Usually it lifts up in the summer months ( I think I might get a bit of SAD )
7,null,null,but last year my mother passed away on the 23rd of March
8,null,null,and it caused a huge crash in my mood which never lifted in time before the winter episode took hold .
9,null,null,I dealt with it by comfort eating
10,null,null,( I do comfort eat at times , but
11,null,null,I also get bad food cravings in the winter for foods such as chocolate , cheese and carbohydrates ,
12,null,null,so pizza and chocolate ice - cream became my regular fodder for a while ) .
13,null,null,Anyway that lead to weight gain which is besides the point but
14,null,null,which I was planning on correcting ( as I have done before )
15,null,null,this summer when the food cravings wear off and my mood lifted .
16,null,null,Unfortunately it is not lifted as of yet due to recent circumstances .
17,null,null,Not only did I have the first anniversary of my mother is death to deal with , but my partner whom I loved very much decided that this would be the best time to dump me and completely rip me to shreds in the process .
18,null,null,He basically emailed ( he lives in another city )
19,null,null,a few days before the anniversary of her death saying he wanted to end it .
20,null,null,I tried to contact him but
21,null,null,he would not talk on the telephone or by voice , and would not respond to any emails I sent him .
22,null,null,He then contacted me by IM on the day of her anniversary ( 23rd March ) to rip me to shreds and tell me that he could not love someone like me before posting publicly on his journal running me down before posting disturbing replies to some of the posts on my journal anonymously (
23,null,null,but I recognized his ISP number
24,null,null,so I know it was him even though he denied it )
25,null,null,making it sound as though the whole thing was deliberate .
26,null,null,I would not mind
27,null,null,but it came out of the blue , the night before all this started he was discussing a work transfer to move to where I am and signed off with ' I love you ' .
28,null,null,Next day , wham .
29,null,null,I am social phobic
30,null,null,so do not really have many friends I ca nt talk to about this
31,null,null,, my mother was usually the one i d turn to
32,null,null,but she is not here anymore , so
33,null,null,my mood , although it usually lifts at this time of year , has taken a nose dive and
34,null,null,I am having trouble getting myself motivated again .
35,null,null,The emotional pain I felt on that Thursday was like nothing I had felt for years , I just literally felt like my heart had been ripped out of my chest .
36,null,null,I could not sleep and
37,null,null,I could not eat for the best part of that week , although I am eating and sleeping again now .
38,null,null,Am I over reacting to what he did , because I am hurt as hell and completely and utterly infuriated with him at the same time ?
39,null,null,I know I can be slightly prone to being a bit of a drama queen at times ( over reacting to stuff )
40,null,null,and I can sometimes be a little paranoid .
41,null,null,But the whole thing felt deliberate as though he intentionally intended to hurt me , and even now when I try to contact him to get answers he is being spiteful and running me down .
42,null,null,Of course after this I spat a whole load of vitriol at him
43,null,null,and now I am being painted as the one that was in the wrong , and
44,null,null,he is saying he did nothing that warranted the vitriol and is the innocent party in all of this .
45,null,null,Of course he also interprets home truths as vitriol , and
46,null,null,I tend to be very open and say things as I see them , to the point of lacking tact now and again .
47,null,null,But whilst I am willing to stand up and
48,null,null,say I made a few mistakes and apologize
49,null,null,, he is acting as though the blame is all mine and he did nothing wrong .
50,null,null,I just can not seem to make him understand that the way he went about ending the relationship was one of the most hurtful ways anyone could have done it .
51,null,null,I know he claims to suffer from bipolar disorder which he wo nt get treatment for , and
52,null,null,I know that can make him highly moody , but I ca nt understand why he does not understand the hurt he caused me , or if he does , how someone who professed to love me , does not even seem to care .
53,null,null,He seems totally and utterly cold , .
54,null,null,so cold it is chilling
55,null,null,I know he gets periods of emotional flatness because he told me , and he also told me he hears voices as well .
56,null,null,Could he be suffering from some kind of depression related psychosis ?
57,null,null,One post he made to my journal was : Wisdom comes only to those who seek it , and sometimes to those who deserve it regardless of perfection , intent or even understanding .
58,null,null,The common denominator though , seems to be deed .
59,null,null,For one must do , or , in order for wisdom to take root .
60,null,null,be done to
61,null,null,Am I misreading that ?
62,null,null,Or reading into it ?
63,null,null,So am I over reacting ?
64,null,null,Was I wrong to argue back with him ?
65,null,null,How can I move on and ?
66,null,null,get my motivation back again
70 19
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Going to bed in the morning , waking up at night .
2,null,null,For about a year now , I have been going to sleep in the morning when the rest of my family is getting ready to start their day and getting out of bed in the evening / night .
3,null,null,It started because I transferred to online school
4,null,null,and I thought it would be fine to stay up until 3 am or so , but
5,null,null,it is gradually gotten worse and worse and
6,null,null,as I am typing this it is 9 am
7,null,null,and I am just now getting ready to sleep .
8,null,null,I am guessing I will wake up at about 3 pm and actually get out of bed at 4 .
9,null,null,It is really screwing with my coursework and .
10,null,null,making my mental and physical health worse
11,null,null,People keep giving me reasonable advice like turning off distractions and forcing myself to go to bed , or even staying up the whole day
12,null,null,so I am very tired by nighttime , but
13,null,null,I just can not find the willpower to go to sleep or get up .
14,null,null,I am not motivated to do anything anymore that I do not have to do .
15,null,null,I am starting to feel like a complete failure .
16,null,null,Has anyone else experienced this or ?
17,null,null,is experiencing it
18,null,null,( Also I am taking a lot of melatonin but
19,null,null,it still does not motivate me to actually get into bed . )
71 25
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am a 23 year old female who has suffered from depression for the last 3 years .
2,null,null,I remember having bouts of it in high school , hating myself and thinking i was ugly and worthless , but
3,null,null,it generally passed and things got better .
4,null,null,Then all of a sudden when i was 20
5,null,null,, i just started crying constantly , feeling out of control , wanting to dig a hole and bury myself , not knowing what to do with myself , feeling hysterical .
6,null,null,I went on medication after a few months , and
7,null,null,things improved , but it is something i still deal with every day .
8,null,null,I am at university full time , as well as , and .
9,null,null,working part time
10,null,null,just feel like i am constantly on the edge of going insane
11,null,null,I just moved to a new city , and
12,null,null,feel so lonely , wanting attention
13,null,null,but i feel like no one is interested .
14,null,null,Worst of all , i miss so much university ( because i can not get out of bed in the morning ) that my tutors regard me as a bad student , which makes me feel so bad , because i know i am smarter than most of the people in our class .
15,null,null,I just want everyone to know i am not lazy and boring
16,null,null,, i just feel like my body is made of lead
17,null,null,and i have no energy and no drive to get up in the morning .
18,null,null,I have just started seeing a psychologist and
19,null,null,she is really great , but it is so expensive i have to work extra shifts at work just to manage , which makes me even more stressed out !
20,null,null,I do not want to take time off university because i took last year off
21,null,null,and it made me feel worse .
22,null,null,I really love my course and
23,null,null,it is pretty much the only thing that gives me joy ..
24,null,null,if only i could get out of bed to go !
25,null,null,i am so angry at myself , my life was not meant to be like this ..
72 15
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,My life is so hollow Stupid self pitying rant , sorry .
2,null,null,Nobody cares about my existence .
3,null,null,I have never been and .
4,null,null,can not get into a relationship
5,null,null,I am stuck in this isolated suburb for the next 3 years of my life , drifting between my school and home .
6,null,null,Usually I can occupy my mind with focusing on my looks or dreaming of the beautiful life i am going to have once i am free , but
7,null,null,recently i have been having to do more school work
8,null,null,( i am used to just stumbling through school without really focusing and getting above average grades
9,null,null,but recently i have been having to actually work to compete with my peers )
10,null,null,and I either reject it to stay in my dream world or get 10 minutes in and break down because it gives me time to realise how hollow my life is .
11,null,null,Nothing feels authentic when i am here .
12,null,null,There have been beautiful times in my life and
13,null,null,90 % of them are when i have been abroad .
14,null,null,I just feel so genuinely empty whenever I give myself chance to look around and realise how isolated I am from people and the world .
15,null,null,And as a person who truly appreciates the beauty of human beings and life , this really hurts me .
73 14
 (0, 0),
1,null,null," I want someone to be afraid of losing me .
2,null,null,No one has and
3,null,null,I do not think no one ever will " When I am sad , I browse through sad lines
4,null,null,/ quotes .
5,null,null,This came up , and
6,null,null,I have been feeling this way for a long long time .
7,null,null,I am unwanted , nobody ever wanted me , nobody ever said that they need me in their life .
8,null,null,I feel useless
9,null,null,, I feel I do not matter .
10,null,null,I do not mind being alone
11,null,null,, I do not mind anything .
12,null,null,It hurts though , knowing that I will never get to know what it feels like to be loved , hugged or to be held by any one .
13,null,null,It is 3 am here , I can not sleep , I am crying and
14,null,null,this is how it is been for a very long time .
74 88
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Hi , I am pretty sure I am suffering from depression , and .
2,null,null,probably have been for the last 18 months or so
3,null,null,It is only been lately that I feel like the rug has really been jerked out from under me , though .
4,null,null,I think it started in mid-2004 when I became seriously ill .
5,null,null,Between June and September 2004 , I spent three weeks in the hospital , umpteen visits to the E / R , and finally , major surgery to correct the problem .
6,null,null,Physically , I am fine now .
7,null,null,But we had no health insurance ( long story ) , and
8,null,null,when the hospital bills started rolling in , we tried our best to pay the bills , but there was just no way .
9,null,null,We ended up filing bankruptcy , I lost my home business , and
10,null,null,we very nearly lost our home .
11,null,null,Ever since then , I have felt like I am falling down a dark tunnel , even though the bankruptcy is over with .
12,null,null,I was drinking part of this time , but .
13,null,null,have stopped , thinking that may have been causing the problem
14,null,null,But it is actually become worse since I have stopped .
15,null,null,Here is my " symptoms " :
16,null,null,I do not usually have trouble falling asleep , but
17,null,null,I can not seem to stay asleep for more than a couple of hours .
18,null,null,It is hard to go back to sleep , so
19,null,null,I usually just get up .
20,null,null,Weight gain because I find myself eating even when I am not hungry .
21,null,null,The " comfort food " thing , I guess .
22,null,null,I tend to be a " stress " eater , and
23,null,null,goodness knows I have had a lot of that lately !
24,null,null,I used to enjoy camping and reading books ( etc . ) , but
25,null,null,I do not care about any of that anymore .
26,null,null,I could not sit down now and .
27,null,null,read a book no matter I wanted how much to
28,null,null,I get through 5 or 6 pages , and .
29,null,null,totally lose interest
30,null,null,That is depressing in itself , because I used to love reading so much .
31,null,null,I have no desire to get out and do anything .
32,null,null,I literally close myself up in my spare bedroom every waking hour , only coming out to use the bathroom and to fix supper for my husband .
33,null,null,I feel like I have nothing to look forward to .
34,null,null,I am not happy , but
35,null,null,I can not pinpoint exactly what would make me happy .
36,null,null,I honestly can not think of anything .
37,null,null,I have no energy whatsoever .
38,null,null,I have been dealing with a TON of guilt over the bankruptcy .
39,null,null,After all , the bankruptcy would not have happened if I had not gotten sick , you know ?
40,null,null,I feel horrible for dragging my husband is credit down along with mine , but
41,null,null,the way things were , I could not file bankruptcy by myself .
42,null,null,Our credit was PERFECT until I got sick .
43,null,null,My husband sold a bunch of his personal belongings to help pay bills , as did I , but
44,null,null,it was so unfair for him to have lost his stuff on account of me .
45,null,null,He is never once complained , but
46,null,null,I still feel terrible .
47,null,null,I have also been kicking myself for the loss of my home business .
48,null,null,I can not help but .
49,null,null,feel like if it had not failed ( I could not keep up with it during my illness ) , that we would not have had to file bankruptcy
50,null,null,I have never been a crier , but
51,null,null,I sure feel like it sometimes .
52,null,null,I can not seem to do anything
53,null,null," right " these days .
54,null,null,Irritable ! !
55,null,null,Throwing stuff , .
56,null,null,being unreasonable , getting mad about petty things
57,null,null,The one thing I have not experienced ( thankfully ) is suicidal thoughts .
58,null,null,A few random " morbid " thoughts here and , but .
59,null,null,there
60,null,null,nothing I would ever act on
61,null,null,Last night I took several online self - tests , and
62,null,null,all of them said I had mild to moderate depression .
63,null,null,One even said severe .
64,null,null,I guess the next step would be to go to the doctor , but
65,null,null,I do not have a doctor .
66,null,null,My sister is taking Zoloft for panic attacks and a PMS disorder , so
67,null,null,I guess I will ask her who she is seeing .
68,null,null,What do they do ..
69,null,null,just ask questions similar to the online questionnaires ?
70,null,null,Or ?
71,null,null,I have been reading about all the different kids of medicines , and .
72,null,null,found the information about Wellbutrin to be the most interesting
73,null,null,Obviously the doctor would know what I need better than I would , but
74,null,null,I sure do not want to take something that is going to make me gain even more weight or feel like a zombie .
75,null,null,At least one good thing , though .
76,null,null,We do , thankfully
77,null,null,, have insurance now .
78,null,null,Another issue is my husband and family .
79,null,null,To them , depression is something that people should be able to " just shake off " .
80,null,null,They do not understand that I CAN'T seem to " shake it off " , otherwise , I gladly would .
81,null,null,My husband is supportive in other ways , but
82,null,null,he scoffed when my sister started taking Zoloft .
83,null,null,To them , if they can not " see " the problem , it does not exist .
84,null,null,I am sure they do not mean to be " mean " , but
85,null,null,they just do not understand .
86,null,null,Sorry for rambling .
87,null,null,Any suggestions or ?
88,null,null,thoughts
75 13
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I feel alone
2,null,null,Hi I am writing this here because I feel as if I have no one to talk to
3,null,null,but it is occurred to me that I am never truly happy with my life ..
4,null,null,I am 19 a male at that I have seem to never be happy as hard as try to be
5,null,null,it never goes as planned ..
6,null,null,I have no idea
7,null,null,the root of my problem or problems
8,null,null,I have tried a number of things plenty of options were given
9,null,null,and I am just getting deeper and deeper in a hole .
10,null,null,I am in a house with my mother and my sister
11,null,null,but I feel like I am in everything I am in alone .
12,null,null,That is what I hate the most .
13,null,null,The loneliness
76 31
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,How is it going , all who read .
2,null,null,My name is Greg
3,null,null,, I am 19 and .
4,null,null,have had depression for basically as long as I remember
5,null,null,Here is a brief history of my journey through depression and the treatments I have endeavored .
6,null,null,I began on lexapro .
7,null,null,It seemed to be helping
8,null,null,and then it quit on me ( or perhaps vice versa ) .
9,null,null,After that I tried zoloft , and wellbutrin , but .
10,null,null,to the same effect
11,null,null,Then I turned my world to narcotics ( mainly , marijuana and DXM ) .
12,null,null,They helped ALOT , but
13,null,null,because they are illegal , I felt a constant public stigma and guilt .
14,null,null,I could not take it , despite the amazing effects of both drugs .
15,null,null,I am now taking Paxil CR , but
16,null,null,I am going to quit it because it is not working .
17,null,null,I am beginning to lose hope altogether .
18,null,null,It seems apparent to me that SSRIs just are not for me , or maybe I just have not found the right one .
19,null,null,The real problem with depression is that you have to wait a month on each drug just to see it
20,null,null,it is going to work .
21,null,null,Those months can feel like years .
22,null,null,Anyways , that is who I am .
23,null,null,I hope to make a few friends here , and .
24,null,null,a lot of advice as well
25,null,null,Does anyone one else share these symptoms ( if so , and :
26,null,null,if you think you can help contact me please )
27,null,null,Chronic fatigue , lack of motivation / desire , inability to enjoy life , insomnia ( including the other obvious and supplementing symptoms )
28,null,null,The real killer is
29,null,null,I know I have the potential to be someone great , but
30,null,null,I have to become happy first ..
31,null,null,Greg
77 18
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Ca not relate or , just got out of highschool .
2,null,null,make friends with anyone my age 19 years old
3,null,null,Anyways , I am a chill dude , good looking , and sociable .
4,null,null,Anyways , I have trouble making any fucking friends with dudes my age ( no trouble with girls ) .
5,null,null,I will vibe with them really well at first and .
6,null,null,play sports or whatever with a few of them
7,null,null,They seem pretty friendly but
8,null,null,at the same time some of their other friends seem to kind of hate me even though they act polite when interacting with me .
9,null,null,I can even hear them talk shit sometimes from a distance
10,null,null,even tho there is no personal beef and
11,null,null,most of them have not spoken more than a sentence to me b4 ?
12,null,null,however they will not directly confront me and
13,null,null,at least be upfront .
14,null,null,Literally even in highschool I would have dudes try to test me and start shit with me though I did nt even know them lol fuck this shit , my age a fuck boy ?
15,null,null,is every kid
16,null,null,I met a few chill ppl , but
17,null,null,damn most of them seem like insecure cunts ..
18,null,null,it is just making me hate ppl more and myself more .
78 12
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,drugs are the only thing that make me feel
2,null,null,okay
3,null,null,i have done everything under the sun to try and help myself .
4,null,null,counseling , confiding in anyone who will listen , taken all different types of medication , and
5,null,null,the only thing that has ever made me feel okay is not being sober .
6,null,null,idc what it is i will do it .
7,null,null,i fucking hate being sober .
8,null,null,i just want to get fucked up and lay in bed and watch shit on my laptop
9,null,null,and i literally have no reason to be so depressed
10,null,null,but the only thing that helps is drugs .
11,null,null,not looking for moral support or anything i just need to vent without being looked down on and judged .
12,null,null,thx
79 7
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Has anyone been depression free for 5 + years ?
2,null,null,I get better
3,null,null,then I get much worse , it is a cycle that will not stop .
4,null,null,I am wondering if there any older redditors that had severe depression as a young adult , and are now completely free from it ?
5,null,null,Depression is almost certainly going to kill me , whether it is the harmful way I cope to stay alive day to day , or more directly if I by some miracle can get my hands on a gun .
6,null,null,Is there anyone that has been cured and not worries about depression creeping back ?
7,null,null,How did you do it ?
80 14
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I do not think I was cut out to survive in the world .
2,null,null,I can not make phone calls .
3,null,null,I can not drive .
4,null,null,I can not get a job and .
5,null,null,work like everyone else
6,null,null,I get stressed out and .
7,null,null,anxious over everything
8,null,null,I am 21 , only had one job that lasted 3 months .
9,null,null,I am graduating and .
10,null,null,leaving college behind soon
11,null,null,I know I will not be able to make it in the working world like everyone else .
12,null,null,I do not think I was supposed to live past high school .
13,null,null,I add nothing to the world .
14,null,null,I am a leech on society .
81 12
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Maybe They are Wrong About It All We are always told "
2,null,null,when you are depressed , your brain is lying to you about how bad everything is " .
3,null,null,What if they are wrong ?
4,null,null,If someone is piss poor and starving , can not pay their bills , replace their moth - eaten clothes or go out to do interesting things , surely their money situation really IS as bad as all that .
5,null,null,If someone has no family , no friends and has been bullied / abused by everyone they have met in life , perhaps their social situation really IS as bad as all that .
6,null,null,If someone has had lots of physical health issues like cancer , chronic pain , obesity etc , maybe their physical woes really ARE as bad as all that .
7,null,null,Some people go through all of the above , all at once .
8,null,null,So maybe life IS as bad as all that for them .
9,null,null,The whole " your brain is lying about how bad things are " thing often just feels like " you are just imagining your problems " .
10,null,null,Like , I know depression etc , but
11,null,null,make your brain incapable of dealing with them properly
12,null,null,it does not mean legitimate problems do not exist and that some people is lives are not thoroughly worthless all the same .
82 17
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Nice to see you too ! !
2,null,null,How are you today ?
3,null,null,I think you really have hit the mark on what I was trying to express with this question - all the negativity and darkness that is contained in almost every media outlet you can name .
4,null,null,The disasters you mention , such real human tragedy but the way the media went after it was appalling and seemed to be muddled in politics and ratings .
5,null,null,As for those forensic shows - ugh !
6,null,null,I used to be able to watch them but way before this recent " episode " of mine I stopped .
7,null,null,I could not stand the heartache of knowing what evil lurks out there .
8,null,null,Where I work now one of the first friends I made was a gentleman who has since retired .
9,null,null,He told me that he did not read the news , watch TV or listen to the radio ( except for light jazz ) because he found that to do so was just too much pain , it did not " serve " him to subject himself to that kind of pain .
10,null,null,He seemed to be generally very happy and upbeat to me so there must be something to it .
11,null,null,As for your friend - that is a tough one
12,null,null,but maybe since she is your friend she might understand if you explain to her how incredibly painful her TV choices are on you .
13,null,null,Does she ever read or ?
14,null,null,post here
15,null,null,Anyway , it is GREAT talking with you again
16,null,null,and I look forward to the next chat .
17,null,null,I hope you have a wonderful day and weekend .
83 32
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Get myself to be more active / alive ?
2,null,null,So , my depression is getting worse and worse since a few years .
3,null,null,I am in law school and
4,null,null,I am in the last year of preparation -
5,null,null,in our country , this is THE BUSIEST TIME ever for those students -
6,null,null,like , they start studying at 7 in the morning at stay until 11 in the night at the library .
7,null,null,nonstop studying for 1 - 1,5 years in preparation for the big exams .
8,null,null,I started last october .
9,null,null,it is july .
10,null,null,I have maybe studied on two or three days , seriously .
11,null,null,the other time , I just sit at home , in a kind of weird freeze .
12,null,null,I am BORED out of my mind , my brain is longing for some activity , and
13,null,null,I actually really want to be all busy and studying and feel like I have a purpose .
14,null,null,It is like I know exactly how important it is now , and
15,null,null,my brain is screaming at me to get my books out and start doing I want what to do .
16,null,null,But I just sit here .
17,null,null,Heck , if I am procrastinating so bad , at least I could have fun , party , travel , meet people !
18,null,null,, see the world
19,null,null,, at least not waste my time or waste it in a way that is at least fun
20,null,null,But I am still sitting here .
21,null,null,Like in a shock .
22,null,null,It feels like it is too late for the studying thing
23,null,null,( exams are in spring
24,null,null,and I have no idea about the subjects and skip all classes I am paying for )
25,null,null,and I have no idea what else to do with my time .
26,null,null,It does not help that over the last two years , I kinda developed an eating disorder with anorexic , bulimic and binge - eating - tendencies that also made my health decline .
27,null,null,I am constantly thinking about numbers , looking up nutritional infos , reading medical studies , looking at food online - it is taking so much space in my head although I am quite ' close to my goal ' , and
28,null,null,I should not even worry because if I keep doing what I planned ( restrict for another 4 - 5 weeks , then slowly up my calories until I no longer lose weight , stay at maintenance and start to slowly incorporate exercise to finally be healthy , eating healthy , and exercising to maintain good health ) , there is no reason to be so occupied with this topic .
29,null,null,Any idea how to get myself to get up and DO SOMETHING ?
30,null,null,The sitting around is what is probably making me most depressed , because I watch my life burn down and kind of can not do anything about .
31,null,null,PLEASE do not suggest to get professional help .
32,null,null,I know , it is the most rational thing , especially for the eating thing , but right now , I just can not , I really can not
84 16
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,When people ask you what you did for the weekend , or .
2,null,null,for your birthday , etc
3,null,null,I have no idea how to respond .
4,null,null,My emotions have become so numb that I can not feel anything
5,null,null,so therefore I can not enjoy anything I used to like doing .
6,null,null,I literally just go to work everyday for 8 hours , .
7,null,null,come home and browse the news and reddit and listen to music , trying to entertain myself but never really succeeding
8,null,null,There is nothing I can enjoy .
9,null,null,So when someone asks me what I did I just say some crap like I just relaxed at home or something , I do not know what else to say .
10,null,null,It is the worst part about depression for me .
11,null,null,Not being able to enjoy anything .
12,null,null,I do not even look forward to coming home from work because it is not like I have anything to enjoy at home .
13,null,null,It is all the same dullness .
14,null,null,I would probably work 12 - 14 hours a day seven days a week if I could because it would not bother me at all .
15,null,null,, I am not missing out on anything
16,null,null,Too bad they do not because they do not want to pay overtime for me of course .
85 7
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Existing hurts
2,null,null,I always feel like I am just trying to distract myself from life with anything I can- games , drugs , moving around- because sitting down and not being able to do anything ,
3,null,null,often something I do-
4,null,null,just hurts .
5,null,null,I hate how slow and irrevelent
6,null,null,I am .
7,null,null,I am so held up by anxiety and indecision that it is hard to even type
86 6
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,When luck does not work in your favor , and
2,null,null,neither does bad luck
3,null,null,So many people die of accidents everyday .
4,null,null,Those who do not deserve it , .
5,null,null,those who have happy nice lives they want that to live
6,null,null,Yet here I am , wanting to get hit by a bus everytime I cross the road but never do
87 26
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Yep
2,null,null,- I know this all too well .
3,null,null,And it is a sad state of affairs .
4,null,null,But you are aware of it .
5,null,null,Best you know what is going on than be surprised .
6,null,null,SN , I hear what you are saying about not being able to weather another strike against your stability now .
7,null,null,And I hope you do not have to go .
8,null,null,I will pray with you that you are spared from the cuts this time , but .
9,null,null,while you are praying and hoping , consider the issue of your personal power
10,null,null,If you are feeling shaky in other areas of life , I doubt that you feel that you have any .
11,null,null,I have been in that situation over many things .
12,null,null,Remember the difference between what you DO have control over and what you do NOT have control over : you can control the way you approach this job , your punctuality , your diligence , your politeness to other workers ; you CANNOT control the decisions made on the top and how they will affect your status .
13,null,null,I have been reading a book called " Corporate Confidential " by Cynthia Shapiro .
14,null,null,She was an HR manager for her whole life and .
15,null,null,spills the beans on how companies decide who will stay and who will go
16,null,null,It was an eye - opener for me .
17,null,null,Perhaps it can help you at this juncture .
18,null,null,In your own prayers , remember to ask God not just for the optimal decision to be made on your behalf , but .
19,null,null,for the power to see where you do and do not have control and for help taking charge of the areas that you actually can control
20,null,null,When you are in a phase of instability , it seems that more and more garbage gets thrown your way .
21,null,null,But a turning point comes when the indignation of being tossed on everyone else is sea propels you into action .
22,null,null,That turning point came for me about 9 years ago when a really awful roommate had to be ejected .
23,null,null,I felt a power I had never felt before - the ability to take charge of my own life , not waiting for someone else is decision to tell me whether I was going to be OK or not .
24,null,null,I am trying to find my way back to that point .
25,null,null,I hope you do too .
26,null,null,It can happen .
88 12
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am new here - left an introductory ramble in the appropriate section .
2,null,null,I have been depressed ( both clinically recognized or otherwise ) for around 15 years
3,null,null,( I am 20 for the record ) .
4,null,null,After 3 - 4 months of a " good " period I am finding that I am slipping back into that " black hole " .
5,null,null,I am looking for support and very happy to offer everyone all I have to help , even if it is little .
6,null,null,I have not been to a therapist in 2 years and
7,null,null,I have not been on medication steadily for an even longer while ( although I think I needed both in the meantime save for the past few " happy " months ) .
8,null,null,Anyway - take care everyone .
9,null,null,I know I am new here
10,null,null,but if anyone feels like they are cracking up , feel free to PM me .
11,null,null,I am used to the unpleasant ride depression .
12,null,null,gives people
89 26
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am so fucking unbearably lonely
2,null,null,I have no job , no friends .
3,null,null,and nothing even close to an SO .
4,null,null,I have never even been on a date .
5,null,null,That is a pipe dream of course
6,null,null,I would not date someone as disgusting as me
7,null,null,so why should anyone else in the first place .
8,null,null,But I can not stop desperately wanting to be loved , to be touched .
9,null,null,not even sexually necessarily tho that too , but .
10,null,null,just be held , kissed
11,null,null,Anyone , I do not give a fuck anymore boy or girl just someone
12,null,null,anyone please
13,null,null,It is never happened and
14,null,null,it feels like it never will .
15,null,null,I feel like I am starving to death .
16,null,null,I can not shake this need
17,null,null,I have never really felt before and
18,null,null,it is every damn minute .
19,null,null,it is so damn funny though I shrink away from even the slightest of contact with another human ,
20,null,null,in the rare occasion I am in public
21,null,null,I bury myself in my phone and .
22,null,null,hope desperately no one acknowledges me
23,null,null,no one ever does
24,null,null,but I am always still afraid they will .
25,null,null,how fucking pathetic , is not it .
26,null,null,add this to the list of things that make me wanna rip my skin open
90 18
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,For those on antidepressants , is it working ?
2,null,null,Alternatives to antidepressants ?
3,null,null,Okay so I am going back to a psychiatrist next week for my depression .
4,null,null,I have been going since high school and
5,null,null,over the years have had depressive thoughts , suicidal ideation , lack of motivation and interest , high anxiety , numbness , hopelessness , etc etc .
6,null,null,recently it is been coming back .
7,null,null,I have been on Zoloft which made me feel like a numb zombie and bupropion which I did not feel was working .
8,null,null,I have also tried Xanax ( made me calmer but high ) and .
9,null,null,a mood stabilizer that did not really help
10,null,null,I have since gotten off medication by my own choice but
11,null,null,the problems are coming back .
12,null,null,Generally I do not like rx drugs and
13,null,null,would rather do it naturally
14,null,null,but it is not going away .
15,null,null,My question to people is what antidepressants have worked , how long have u been using them , and ?
16,null,null,has ur depression improved
17,null,null,Should I take it for the long term ?
18,null,null,And what alternative methods have worked for you guys ?
91 10
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I wish I was 15 again , when nothing really mattered I am 21 now
2,null,null,and all I want is to be 15 again , when I did not have any worries , when I did not know what depression was , when I had interests , when I did not have existential crisis , when I did not question every little thing about myself
3,null,null,, I was just able to BE .
4,null,null,Not to say everything was perfect back then , but
5,null,null,every year it starts feeling emptier and emptier .
6,null,null,Even though my life has technically better , I feel so empty and dead .
7,null,null,I do not even want to know what my brain will be like in 10 years .
8,null,null,Even though realistically my life is better off now .
9,null,null,I still want to die .
10,null,null,My god , I just want to die
92 41
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I have posted a few times on these forums and
2,null,null,everyone has always been so helpful and supportive , so I am hoping I can get some help with this .
3,null,null,For the last few weeks , my depression has been so horrendous , worse than it is ever been , that I have not been able to go to work .
4,null,null,I keep calling in sick , and
5,null,null,then when I can finally make myself go , I hide in the bathroom crying or go to an empty office ( not in my cubicle ) and call my mother and cry to her .
6,null,null,I have been in touch with my pdoc , who is in the process of passing me off to another doctor .
7,null,null,Granted , it is at my request , as he is not on my insurance .
8,null,null,However , he is not willing to put me on any other types of medications since he will not be seeing me regularly .
9,null,null,I have spoken to my long - time pdoc from Dallas , my hometown , and
10,null,null,he knows me very well .
11,null,null,I trust him more than any other doctor , which is not saying much , but
12,null,null,he says that I am unipolar , aka major depressive disorder , and a mood stabilizer would be the next best thing to try since all the antidepressants are not working .
13,null,null,( was taking 30 mg celexa , just upped to 40 mg when this all started . )
14,null,null,I am seeing a new pdoc that is covered by my insurance on Monday , so .
15,null,null,maybe things will move forward
16,null,null,Ok , so back to the work thing .
17,null,null,My supervisor is not sympathetic to my problem .
18,null,null,In all fairness , I have not told her details .
19,null,null,I find that most people do not consider mental disease a real medical problem .
20,null,null,She suggested that I talk to Human Resources about taking some type of leave if I do not know when I will be better .
21,null,null,I am working on that and .
22,null,null,hoping one of these doctors will sign for me
23,null,null,The biggest problem I have is the guilt over missing work .
24,null,null,I never imagined that the depression could get so bad that I could not just suit up and show up .
25,null,null,That is been my motto every time things get rough .
26,null,null,I guess I am looking for validation here .
27,null,null,If I really do have it in my to get to work , I certainly can not find it .
28,null,null,I am a very responsible person , so
29,null,null,this is not like me .
30,null,null,The only time I have ever called in sick is when I was having depression issues , but never more than one day .
31,null,null,Everyone gets a sick day , and
32,null,null,I never get the flu or anything , so I do not feel guilty about those days .
33,null,null,What do I do ?
34,null,null,Am I looking at this the wrong way ?
35,null,null,It is so hard to be objective when you are so low .
36,null,null,My saving grace is that my parents ( who are far away in Dallas ) are being the most supportive people in the world .
37,null,null,They believe me when I say I just can not get to work , since that is not like me , but
38,null,null,that is not like them either , so
39,null,null,I know they want me to get there if I can .
40,null,null,Thanks to anyone who took the time to read this .
41,null,null,I am hoping someone else has gone through it and can help .
93 5
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Is it unhealthy to try and solve other peoples issues instead ?
2,null,null,I find that the worse I feel , the more I try and solve other people is problems .
3,null,null,Is this unhealthy for me ?
4,null,null,It is always other people is mental issues that I am unable to fix
5,null,null,but I feel like I have to try .
94 23
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Just a little update - my temporary $ 8 an hour job was the foot in the door I needed .
2,null,null,Two weeks later and I am on day one of a higher paying , with benefits , permanent job with these people .
3,null,null,Granted it is still in the same agency as my last job down here , but .
4,null,null,different division
5,null,null,It is good though that I can just walk down the street during lunch and have lunch with the girls from my old office .
6,null,null,I did miss them and their good gossip .
7,null,null,By my birthday in September we will all be in the same building , we move in August and
8,null,null,they do on my birthday , so that will be fun !
9,null,null,While I was pregnant
10,null,null,I was sure I would want to be a stay at home mom .
11,null,null,After having Toby I thought I did then as well ..
12,null,null,6 months later
13,null,null,and I was dying to get out of the house and back to work .
14,null,null,I do miss him
15,null,null,but I do not envy my husband
16,null,null,is job of taking care of him and the house and our pacifier business while I get rest at work .
17,null,null,I get to have lunch .
18,null,null,, take my time and go to the bathroom when I need to , and talk to real adults about non baby stuff in non baby speak
19,null,null,And the best part - I am getting out of the house !
20,null,null,And I have a reason to not wear pajamas all day .
21,null,null,I also really do appreciate my time with Toby more .
22,null,null,I do not see it as a chore anymore .
23,null,null,Phew .
95 64
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Hi , after 2 posts on the DF I am finally beginning to work out the format .
2,null,null,Excuse the typo is as going through Prozac withdrawals and kind of shaky !
3,null,null,I am 27 years old , I live in the UK , Studied psychology , trained psychiatric nurse , behavior family therapist , and trainee CB therapist .
4,null,null,Not sure if I can go back to my CBT course as I have missed so much time from university due to my current episode .
5,null,null,This is my worst episode ever .
6,null,null,I have had depression for 8 years , and .
7,null,null,have been ashamed and embarrassed by it
8,null,null,As my life seems to be ebbing away , I have come out with it and .
9,null,null,seeking psychiatric help
10,null,null,My problem has been that I work in psychiatry and have feared loosing my job / career .
11,null,null,It means everything to me .
12,null,null,It is the only thing I have and could not bare seeing it go down the toilet .
13,null,null,Friends do not understand and .
14,null,null,know how to discuss the topic with me
15,null,null,My family does not know as it would devastate an already broken family .
16,null,null,For 8 years I have suffered in silence ,
17,null,null,cried silent screams
18,null,null,, been tormented by my own brain .
19,null,null,I hate imagining living a life like this especially when the long term effects I am reminded of every day ( my patients ) .
20,null,null,The only person I had was my ex girlfriend , we split last year .
21,null,null,CAUSE ?
22,null,null,me .
23,null,null,Stress got the better of me .
24,null,null,, my thinking became screwed and I have lost her , for life
25,null,null,She was the only one I could talk to , some one I had known for , 12 odd years .
26,null,null,Depression has ruined my life .
27,null,null,This episode has been an eye opener .
28,null,null,This is the first time planet earth is hearing about my struggle .
29,null,null,Something , which may have otherwise been lost .
30,null,null,My secrets buried with me .
31,null,null,Do not confuse this as a suicide note .
32,null,null,It is not .
33,null,null,It is me talking about things in this way for the first time .
34,null,null,I am over the crisis point but nowhere near my usual self and .
35,null,null,need to sort my medicines out with my doctor as soon as possible
36,null,null,I have had a brave chat with my boss who is going to sort out a psychiatrist in the next 10 days , all being well .
37,null,null,I have only taken one OD in 1998 with a serious intent to kill myself .
38,null,null,Doctors said I survived as I woke up .
39,null,null,For years I have avoided talking about it .
40,null,null,, never wanted to see a psychiatrist but realize now ( well for now ) that there is 2 people inside me
41,null,null,One is me , the other is depression and
42,null,null,to stand the best chance of staying well and keeping
43,null,null,well then I need to face I have a problem .
44,null,null,Around 3 weeks ago I was so actively suicidal , I was thinking of jumping off a bridge into the river , i searched the internet for ways to kill myself .
45,null,null,I am out of that acute phase but .
46,null,null,do not trust myself
47,null,null,I have tried SSRIs
48,null,null,but they just do not agree with me
49,null,null,so it looks like I am going back on Mirtazapine .
50,null,null,I stopped taking it sometime ago as I put on weight .
51,null,null,Since last year I have lost 2 stone through diet and exercise .
52,null,null,In the last 3 weeks I have lost 4 lbs as a result of depression .
53,null,null,Right now my mind is blank .
54,null,null,I have never chatted to anyone on this forum before
55,null,null,but I know
56,null,null,you guys know what I am going through .
57,null,null,My life has never been the same since 1998 .
58,null,null,It never will be .
59,null,null,My dad died in 2002 since then
60,null,null,things have worsened .
61,null,null,I have so much to say I could write on but going to leave it for now .
62,null,null,You guys are the first to hear my full ( well pretty full ) story .
63,null,null,I have never had the courage to speak like this before .
64,null,null,Bye for now
96 32
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,10 years I have been managing depression and
2,null,null,I was doing well , until last Monday .
3,null,null,Quick back story : 38 / m / Ireland .
4,null,null,I was a competitive Powerlifter and .
5,null,null,represented my country on 2 occasions with great success
6,null,null,My life was lifting ; setting goals , reaching targets , smashing PBs .. all helped with creating a future for myself .
7,null,null,I started to feel unwell around December 2016 and developed a persistent , non - productive cough .
8,null,null,Series of tests led me to an echocardiograph where it was discovered I was suffering Heart Failure .
9,null,null,Dilated Cardio Myopathy caused by a viral infection , left my hearts function at 20%EF .
10,null,null,Apparently I had a few months to live if I had not caught it .
11,null,null,Ironically , now , I wish they had not discovered it .
12,null,null,My world flipped upside down .
13,null,null,No Powerlifting , no excessive exercise , restricted fluid intake , no over exertion , meds for the rest of my life , when my heart goes irregular .
14,null,null,regular reviews in my heart clinic , multiple ambulance emergency rides to A&amp;E
15,null,null,Hospital , pharmacy , hospital , pharmacy ..
16,null,null,Seems to be my life for the past year .
17,null,null,Last Monday I snapped .
18,null,null,It hit me .
19,null,null,Everything I lost came crashing in on me .
20,null,null,I got in my car , .
21,null,null,picked a place I knew well to ram my car into at 120 mph
22,null,null,I was screaming at myself to do it .
23,null,null,My left hand steering towards the end ,
24,null,null,my right hand steering me to survive .
25,null,null,An image of my dog in my mind kept me on the road .
26,null,null,I knew she would miss me too much .
27,null,null,I am still very low now despite all my meds .
28,null,null,I still wish I had gone through with it .
29,null,null,I still think of going to the Cliffs of Moher and jumping ..
30,null,null,What a beautiful place to end it .
31,null,null,I am dreading the road ahead because I know how Rocky it is going to be ..
32,null,null,Help me please .
97 23
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am Weakest At Night ..
2,null,null,I do not understand the reason for this , but
3,null,null,for as long as I can remember I have always been weakest during the night time .
4,null,null,I feel weak mentally , emotionally , physically , internally ..
5,null,null,I feel like I can not go on , like I can not keep fighting ,
6,null,null,like I have had enough ..
7,null,null,I freeze over , my body locks up , my fear paralyzes me , and
8,null,null,my mind becomes my enemy ..
9,null,null,Night seems endless because I can not see much of anything no matter where I try to look .
10,null,null,From minor fears to worst nightmares stalk me like I am nothing but an insignificant prey who is time has come .
11,null,null,I am exhausted and need sleep , but
12,null,null,only nightmares haunt me or the fear of being attacked while I am immobile by unconsciousness ..
13,null,null,And yet , though a part of me yearns for light , for the warm comfort of the sun , it only depresses me .
14,null,null,In the light I can see what I truly am , I can see a reflection of something I have grown to hate .
15,null,null,When I look at my reflection I want to smash the mirror
16,null,null,so I can no longer see the truth of my insignificant existence .
17,null,null,In the light I can see everyone else , either continuing on with their lives without a thought of me or a second glance .
18,null,null,Or I see other people like me suffering and
19,null,null,it both hurts and gives me a strange , and possibly , a cruel comfort .
20,null,null,I hate seeing other is suffer , but
21,null,null,I am so insignificant I am helpless that I might as well be dead ..
22,null,null,I need the light and
23,null,null,yet it hurts me ..
98 10
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,8 am .
2,null,null,Dishes done .
3,null,null,Laundry going .
4,null,null,Animals taken care of .
5,null,null,Fuck you depression .
6,null,null,At least I have accomplished a few things today ..
7,null,null,If you are reading this , set your phone down or .
8,null,null,turn the pc off , count down from 5 and get up
9,null,null,Do ONE thing that you know needs to be done and smile knowing
10,null,null,you are Doing it .
99 5
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Looked at bank statement , saw 100 less than I expected , almost had a breakdown .
2,null,null,Been having to eat out a lot for reasons I do not really want to get into and are really upsetting to think about .
3,null,null,Checked my bank statement and saw that I had a hundred fewer dollars than I expected , looked at the charges , saw how much more I was eating out than I would expected having had to , got really upset and resentful about my situation , which compounded how upset and resentful
4,null,null,I was about " missing " the money in the first place .
5,null,null,Really not doing good right now .
100 33
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I just told all 100 students I teach
2,null,null,I have depression in an email about finals
3,null,null,week I am an undergraduate TA at a university , in an interdisciplinary class about the brain .
4,null,null,I absolutely love being a TA , but admittedly this quarter it has been a struggle mentally , I often feel anxious that I am doing a horrible job .
5,null,null,I sent out this email to all 100 of my students about finals :
6,null,null,Hi everyone , These next two weeks will be a really , really tough time for all of you .
7,null,null,I know how incredibly hard you all have worked this quarter , and how hard you will push yourselves during this final stretch , but there are 2 other things I want you to know : 1 )
8,null,null,I , the other TAs , and our professor will not be disappointed if you do not perform as well you want , so you should not be either .
9,null,null,Tests and grades are not always the best reflection of you as students / scientists , and
10,null,null,they are most certainly are not a reflection of your worth as a person .
11,null,null,All a test assesses is how much content you remember and how well you can take a test at a certain time on a certain day .
12,null,null,It is simply one data point , and
13,null,null,as you should all know by now , 1 data point is not representative of the population .
14,null,null,For many of you , you have other finals / presentations / responsibilities going on , and
15,null,null,it will be difficult to find time to study .
16,null,null,For others , you may want so badly to study a lot , but .
17,null,null,can not because you are so stressed and anxious
18,null,null,I personally deal with anxiety and depression , and
19,null,null,I know how utterly frustrating it is when your mind does not work as well as you want it to
20,null,null,.
21,null,null,2 ) Take care of yourself .
22,null,null,Eat good food , .
23,null,null,get some sleep , spend time with people you love
24,null,null,So , while you prepare for finals these next weeks , keep these two things in mind .
25,null,null,You are all incredibly curious , kind , intelligent and important people .
26,null,null,I brag all the time that I get to work with the most amazing group of students who bring unique and valuable contributions to this class everyday , and .
27,null,null,inspire me to be the best TA I can possibly be
28,null,null,Cheering you on ! !
29,null,null,~austen1996
30,null,null,( I can not believe I just told all my students about my mental illness , but
31,null,null,it honestly feels so liberating to do so .
32,null,null,It also feels so hypocritical of me to send this , because I attribute much of my self - worth to academics and do not practice much self - care ..
33,null,null,but I felt like this needed to be said ) .
101 15
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am a 42 year old woman who is single and has no one " special " in my life .
2,null,null,I am becoming my disgusted with my life and where I am .
3,null,null,I really want to make 2006 my year .
4,null,null,Yes I have said that every year since I turned 18 .
5,null,null,I am at the lowest point that I did not want to reach .
6,null,null,I am afraid to sink any lower .
7,null,null,I am currently on effexor and linispril .
8,null,null,Effexor is started to have a negative effect on my heath , but
9,null,null,I am so afraid of returning night terrors that I am afraid to allow my doctor to change it .
10,null,null,I am seeing a counselor
11,null,null,but he is not working on my cognitive behavior .
12,null,null,I need someone to tell me positive things and to help me believe that I am not bad .
13,null,null,He just seems to repeat what I say .
14,null,null,I had someone before who focused on my thought patterns and
15,null,null,it helped greatly .
102 22
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Hello Tommy !
2,null,null,to DF !
3,null,null,I am glad you joined !
4,null,null,This board is a great place for information and support .
5,null,null,Take your time browsing through the topics .
6,null,null,I am sure there will be lots of things you can relate to .
7,null,null,When you feel comfortable enough , feel free to share any of your thoughts , questions , concerns , experiences , etc ..
8,null,null,Congrats on taking your first steps towards recovery !
9,null,null,I think it takes a lot of courage to start treatment .
10,null,null,I know it took me quite a while to admit to myself I could not handle my situation on my own any longer .
11,null,null,I think you did great starting on both talk therapy and medicines !
12,null,null,I hope you find therapy useful and that you and your therapist can work towards better skills to cope with the stressors in your life .
13,null,null,Concerning your medication .
14,null,null,There is a room dedicated to your antidepressant Prozac .
15,null,null,You will find lots of information there .
16,null,null,Check it out sometime .
17,null,null,One of the downsides of antidepressants is the fact that it takes a while for them to kick in .
18,null,null,You only started about 10 days ago so you will have to give the Prozac some time to be able to fully benefit from it .
19,null,null,Meanwhile I hope you are not having too many side effects !
20,null,null,Tom , thanks for joining .
21,null,null,Keep us posted on how you are doing !
22,null,null,Take good care of yourself !
103 61
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I have really hit a new low I can not believe how depressed I am right now , I am just imploding .
2,null,null,I got fired from yet another job for being incompetent as usual .
3,null,null,Usually I am pretty good at bouncing back
4,null,null,but this job just broke something inside me .
5,null,null,I am a damn failure .
6,null,null,Three attempts at college .
7,null,null,Flunked out after the first year .
8,null,null,That is ok , college is not for everyone .
9,null,null,Try a bunch of min wage jobs .
10,null,null,Get fired or .
11,null,null,quit with in the first month or two
12,null,null,I can not do damn thing .
13,null,null,I have no motivation to do anything at all anymore .
14,null,null,I used to clock around 3 - 4 hours a day gaming because it was something I genuinely enjoyed .
15,null,null,I have gotten 30 minutes in an entire damn week .
16,null,null,I literally just can not muster the strength to want to do it .
17,null,null,I have been pulling away from people because it is just exhausting to talk to them .
18,null,null,I literally just get tired after five minutes of conversation .
19,null,null,It is insane .
20,null,null,We will barely be through the how is your day been going before I already want to go somewhere else because it is so draining .
21,null,null,I have hit a complete rock wall in therapy .
22,null,null,I tell my therapist nearly all of this shit and
23,null,null,she helps me as best she can
24,null,null,but there is only so much she is able to do .
25,null,null,She has no magic way of instilling me with motivation .
26,null,null,Like .. to put it into perspective .
27,null,null,I stared at a wall for 2 hours today .
28,null,null,Because I just was to tired to anything else .
29,null,null,2 hours !
30,null,null,I was not thinking about anything .
31,null,null,I was not being bored .
32,null,null,I just do not have motivation to do anything !
33,null,null,But what is worse is the moment I start thinking again
34,null,null,is the moment all the sadness washes over me .
35,null,null,It is like I am in the middle of a vast , dark ocean and can not find shore .
36,null,null,I swim and
37,null,null,I swim
38,null,null,and I swim
39,null,null,but salvation is just nowhere to be seen .
40,null,null,And I am beginning to grow tired .
41,null,null,I have no future ahead of me .
42,null,null,Nothing to look forward too .
43,null,null,I go through thousands of career tests and applications and
44,null,null,all I see is that I am either not interested enough or not good enough for any career .
45,null,null,And I can not simply work for money .
46,null,null,Money in and of itself just is not good enough for me to work at a job I hate or am completely uninterested in .
47,null,null,That is the strain of these minimum wage jobs , some of them I have had to quit because they have literally made me suicidal .
48,null,null,I am so lost right now .
49,null,null,The world looks like a very dark place where I have to suffer in agony just to get by .
50,null,null,I am so tired of fighting .
51,null,null,I am so tired of trying .
52,null,null,I am just .
53,null,null,So .
54,null,null,Tired .
55,null,null,It has been a very long time since I have been this low .
56,null,null,I feel like I am doomed .
57,null,null,Like this is all the happiness I will ever be afforded .
58,null,null,That even if I get the job of my dreams and all the money I could possibly want , I will always have a big , dark cloud hanging over my head .
59,null,null,Everything hurts and
60,null,null,I hate everything about life right now .
61,null,null,I wish I could just fall asleep and stay in my dreams .
104 8
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am so depressed I do not know what to do
2,null,null,Dropped out of school , have been unemployed for two months , have absolutely no friends and spend my days browsing reddit .
3,null,null,Every single day is the same .
4,null,null,The monotony never ends .
5,null,null,Nothing to look forward to .
6,null,null,I try feeling better by shopping and eating tasty food
7,null,null,but it never helps .
8,null,null,I do not know what to do .
105 38
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I think I am depressed
2,null,null,but I am not sure I do not know what the fuck is wrong with me
3,null,null,but I think I might have depression .
4,null,null,1 )
5,null,null,I love going out with friends .
6,null,null,I am very active person , but
7,null,null,lately for example even when I am laughin
8,null,null,I suddenly stop and .
9,null,null,get very sad
10,null,null,I do not know what is wrong
11,null,null,but I get very sad
12,null,null,and I lose interest in doing everything .
13,null,null,2 )
14,null,null,Lately I can not focus .
15,null,null,I have never been fun of doing homework
16,null,null,but I was always doing it .
17,null,null,Now I just can not I am just laying bad instead of doing homework .
18,null,null,You might say I am been lazy
19,null,null,but also I am music producer
20,null,null,and I absolutely love music , but
21,null,null,lately I just can not .
22,null,null,When I sit down I just can not focus on it
23,null,null,and I end up going to bad after 15 minutes .
24,null,null,3 ) I am sleepy all the time
25,null,null,and I am sad most of the times .
26,null,null,I do not have specific reasons
27,null,null,but I am .
28,null,null,4 ) I became very insecure .
29,null,null,It feel like my friend do not like me .
30,null,null,I feel like they do not want me to be around them
31,null,null,and I just do not know why .
32,null,null,5 )
33,null,null,Most of the times on weekdays I am just laying on my bad and
34,null,null,listening sad music
35,null,null,and I feel like I am wasting my time .
36,null,null,Sorry I think I do not make any sense at all
37,null,null,but rn I am feeling really bad and .
38,null,null,can not think properly
106 16
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Girlfriend attempted to break her arm to avoid going to work
2,null,null,My girlfriend began her summer job in a hospital earlier this summer where she mostly cleans and prepares meals for the patients .
3,null,null,She has been pretty upfront about the fact that she is stressed during the days and does not want to go to work most days .
4,null,null,Since we do not live together we see eachother about three times per week although less during summer since work prohibits that to an extent .
5,null,null,She has never during our two year long relationship showed any signs of self harm nor depression .
6,null,null,However , today i saw her for the first time this week
7,null,null,and I noticed bruises on her fore arm .
8,null,null,She unwillingly explained that she had tried to break her arm in order to not have to go to work anymore for the rest of the summer .
9,null,null,She said that she had had a panic attack and in desperation smashed her arm into a metal pole in order to break her arm .
10,null,null,She promised to let me know if she felt that way again
11,null,null,but I am not sure if she is going to .
12,null,null,She also made me promise to not tell anyone about it .
13,null,null,How can I help prevent her from harming herself another time ?
14,null,null,What other things are there that I should be aware of concerning her well being ?
15,null,null,I hope this is the proper sub for this
16,null,null,and I would be very thankful for your advice .
107 28
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I do not even know I do not know if I am depressed or just the good ' ol sad .
2,null,null,I can not fully express how I feel because the inside of my head is a mess .
3,null,null,I do not want to give what I feel everyday
4,null,null,the label of " depression "
5,null,null,, I feel like it just insults the people who knows they have depression .
6,null,null,I have no idea where to get any help for whatever I feel .
7,null,null,If I did , I would either be too lazy or too shy to ask .
8,null,null,I am too lazy .
9,null,null,Everything is just too tedious .
10,null,null,In everything I do , halfway through it I just feel an intense urge to give up , and
11,null,null,I do .
12,null,null,I can not find a proper hobby to distract myself from whatever is inside my head .
13,null,null,I can not focus .
14,null,null,It is so hard to focus on anything .
15,null,null,I just stared at the blinking blue bar for 5 minutes just to type this unecessary sentence , because I lost whatever I wanted to write here in the maelstrom of thoughts inside my head .
16,null,null,I used to be smart , or atleast feel smart .
17,null,null,Lately I feel like I have dumbed down .
18,null,null,Questions that I used to answer easily became hard for me .
19,null,null,English , something I was proud of for learning it by myself , became harder for me .
20,null,null,My memory is not what it used to be .
21,null,null,I am jealous of other people who can properly comfort their depressed loved ones .
22,null,null,Everytime , it pains me that I can not find anything in my head or say anything to make them feel atleast a little better .
23,null,null,It eats me inside that I know they are suffering
24,null,null,and I can not make them feel that someone cares when they think that no - one does .
25,null,null,I am a fake .
26,null,null,i am not sure if any of you will get what I am saying
27,null,null,but , eh .
28,null,null,I can not even understand myself .
108 20
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,God I am fucking done
2,null,null,I put my heart and soul into this girl
3,null,null,I gave her all my love
4,null,null,and she turns out to be a catfish the fucking nerve of this bitch she told me that when I got raped it was not as bad as hers that fucking whore I gave her everything
5,null,null,and she fucking lied to me when my friend died she took advantage of me
6,null,null,i fucking hate her
7,null,null,I literally loved her so much I gave her everything EVERYTHING I tried to help her as best as I could she fucking Lied that fucking bitch
8,null,null,she literally took advantage of someone in grief I fucking hate her on top of all that she said she was gon na black mail
9,null,null,me
10,null,null,I am never fucking trusting anyone ever again I am fucking done
11,null,null,I am gon na kill my self
12,null,null,and it is gon na be her fault
13,null,null,the only good things that happened out of all of this
14,null,null,I got a baby kitten and
15,null,null,that was not even from her .
16,null,null,Why me
17,null,null,I do everything
18,null,null,right
19,null,null,and I still get fucked .
20,null,null,Ps sorry for grammar
109 49
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I joined yesterday and .
2,null,null,have been reading through some of the posts
3,null,null,Thought I had better introduce my self .
4,null,null,I live in the UK .
5,null,null,Looking back on my life
6,null,null,I think I have always had depression .
7,null,null,It got worse though , 3.5 years ago after the birth of my son .
8,null,null,I though i had PND at the time .
9,null,null,I was always crying , .
10,null,null,felt really low and would panic if I was left alone with the baby
11,null,null,It put a huge strain on my marriage and lots of arguments because my husband though I had gone off him .
12,null,null,I went back to work put .
13,null,null,could not cope , lack of motivation etc
14,null,null,but like someone said below I put on a ' happy face ' to make people think that I was OK .
15,null,null,I muddled through for a year then went to see a GP who put me on Prozac .
16,null,null,Stupid me came off it after 2 months thinking I was OK .
17,null,null,Slowly the depression came back , I was not coping with my job , the simplest tasks at work and at home were impossible to face , I could not concentrate or .
18,null,null,make decisions
19,null,null,Last Spring it all got too much .
20,null,null,I was getting up crying every morning , I became agoraphobic .
21,null,null,I phoned in work and .
22,null,null,said i could not go in
23,null,null,I saw the GP and .
24,null,null,went on Prozac
25,null,null,I took 2 months off work .
26,null,null,I stayed on Prozac until last September .
27,null,null,And then , guess what , it all came back with a vengeance a few months ago .
28,null,null,This time I was also feeling suicidal which really scared me .
29,null,null,So I am now back on the Prozac and .
30,null,null,determined to stay on it
31,null,null,I think I have generalized depression made worse by circumstances .
32,null,null,The birth of my son , trying to keep a job down and be a Mom , and my husband .
33,null,null,Last year my husband really turned to alcohol and .
34,null,null,ended up ill in hospital
35,null,null,He has been on incapacity benefit ever since ,
36,null,null,so our relationship and our finances have really suffered .
37,null,null,He has changed to .
38,null,null,Even though he says he loves me he gets angry a lot , shouts at me
39,null,null,, criticizes me , puts me down .
40,null,null,I do not know how much more of it I can take , without leaving him .
41,null,null,I make excuses for him , that it is his illness and lack of earning power that make him like that
42,null,null,but it is no excuse to turn me into a nervous wreck who is scared to say anything in case he shoots me down .
43,null,null,The Prozac has reduced but
44,null,null,not removed my depression and I still have the odd day I want where to run away .
45,null,null,I keep thinking ' will it go away if I leave my husband ? '
46,null,null,I no longer love him but
47,null,null,life has dealt a difficult blow to us both recently and maybe one day when the stresses have been removed I will love him again .
48,null,null,Anyway that is my story ( sounds similar to Vanyas who i have PM ) .
49,null,null,would
110 31
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Rolling down hill
2,null,null,Hi all , It all started last year when I quit my bachelor in Physical Therapy .
3,null,null,That study did nt seem right for me
4,null,null,and I dropped out in feb 2016 .
5,null,null,From februari till september I have worked a depressing job in an order picking centre to pay for my next year of college .
6,null,null,But after that there was nt any motivation for anything left over in me .
7,null,null,This year I started a new study , lifesciences .
8,null,null,It started all fun for the first two months .
9,null,null,Because we had the basics of chemistry , anatomy , algebra and physics .
10,null,null,But in the beginning of november the second semester started and
11,null,null,thus I had tests from the first semester .
12,null,null,Failed them all .
13,null,null,In the weeks leading to the tests I could nt concentrate or motivate myself to do anything .
14,null,null,I was just at my room doing absolutely nothing .
15,null,null,14 november was my birthday , turned 19 .
16,null,null,Everyone forgot it except my gf ( for 2,5 years ) .
17,null,null,Was a fun day and .
18,null,null,made me forget the test results and gave me a little hope
19,null,null,Today she told me she was seeing someone else for the last 3 months because I had too little time to see her , because I was always busy with school .
20,null,null,I m feeling that everything is worse .
21,null,null,My job sucks
22,null,null,but I have to keep it as I got to keep up with school costs .
23,null,null,Already got pretty hefty debt from those two halve years of university .
24,null,null,I just feel that everything that I do fails .
25,null,null,Like the last 2 years I have accomplished nothing .
26,null,null,I would like to travel if I am going to have my second gap year
27,null,null,but my funds would nt allow it .
28,null,null,Working would be my only option but
29,null,null,the only jobs that are available will push me over the edge .
30,null,null,But there is something good at the horizon ; there is a small chance I am getting accepted in to the police academy , but
31,null,null,that is only a small chance so no big hopes as that makes it worse .
111 25
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Anxiety and Depression make you contradict and lose yourself I have had enough .
2,null,null,I have been dealing with depression and anxiety for months and
3,null,null,the whole situation is fucking my mind up .
4,null,null,I know I should face my problems
5,null,null,but I do not want to and
6,null,null,that amplifies my anxiety .
7,null,null,I just wish people ignored me
8,null,null,and yet I feel lonely .
9,null,null,I do not want to be hurt and
10,null,null,yet I am the one hurting myself .
11,null,null,There is so many things I would like to do
12,null,null,but in the end I end up wasting time on the bed .
13,null,null,There is many things I want
14,null,null,and yet I can not bring myself to work and get them .
15,null,null,If I oversleep I feel like shit , If I sleep too little I feel like shit .
16,null,null,I have talked about my situation with my family and
17,null,null,they are trying to support me
18,null,null,( I will start therapy in September )
19,null,null,but I can not help feeling like a burden ..
20,null,null,My motto has always been " The truth is in the middle "
21,null,null,but I have completely lost any direction and orientation .
22,null,null,I have been costantly questioning myself
23,null,null,and I do not even know what I want nor who I am anymore .
24,null,null,I apoligize if this does not make sense
25,null,null,but I just needed to let it out a bit .
112 36
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,say what You know what ?
2,null,null,THIS IS FUCKING RIDICOLOUS .
3,null,null,I got rejected from yet another interview , although I hate any kind of job .
4,null,null,- it is all stupid as hell , fuck wageslavery , fuck every company ,
5,null,null,fuck everyone who plays this psychotic game , and thinks it is what normal people do
6,null,null,Why was I born in a third - world country that will not pay shit for people with severe anxiety like I have .
7,null,null,I SIMPLY CAN'T INTERACT WITH PEOPLE
8,null,null,, It is not my fault I do not have anything in common with narcisstic crazyass bastards like you . -
9,null,null,So when did you graduate ?
10,null,null,-
11,null,null,In 2014 - So what have you been doing this whole time ?
12,null,null,- I have been doing YOUR MOM .
13,null,null,It is none of your business what I have been doing .
14,null,null,I have been meditating for the aliens to come and extinct this rotten place you people occupied .
15,null,null,Okay ,
16,null,null,yeah ,
17,null,null,I admit , I used google translator , goddamnit , for your stupid nonsense article
18,null,null,, how fucking awful is that ?
19,null,null,The translation is accurate and shit .
20,null,null,Well , awful enough for the sole reason of using it .
21,null,null,Oh well then , sorry for wasting your time .
22,null,null,I got rejected from a call - centre - a place where homeless fellows should not go .
23,null,null,Things never go my way ,
24,null,null,man , I can not stand it , but I am supposed to , fucking ridicolous .
25,null,null,I am trying so hard to do things I would not recommend to do to anyone who cherishes their mental state , but
26,null,null,we are all forced to take part in this stupid " just be happy , smile , reach out , you are worth it , etc " game .
27,null,null,Bullshit , euphemisms
28,null,null,, THIS IS PURE HUMILATION AND TORTURE ; on my terms I would not even ask you how to get to a transport if i got lost in a demons - populated forest .
29,null,null,I am gon na try again , and again ,
30,null,null,just because it ai not fair , these office - fuckers amuse their little egos by constantly putting me down ,
31,null,null,cause I let them , but
32,null,null,I am forgiving myself once fucking again .
33,null,null,Once again , MOU ICHIDO BOYS , FOR THE GREAT JUSTICE , THE GATES OF HOMELESSNESS AWAIT , ONLY HOLY ONES
34,null,null,SHALL ENTER ,
35,null,null,O - N - C - E A - G - A - I - N
36,null,null,, I forgive myself once again ONCE AGAIN
113 28
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Does this mean i need antidepressants ?
2,null,null,How are you supposed to feel when you take them & amp ; they are effective ?
3,null,null,i have been feeling depressed since i was 19 , i am 21 now .
4,null,null,i learned to live with my depression .
5,null,null,i took group therapy , then individual therapy but .
6,null,null,did not find comfort / could not open up to my therapists
7,null,null,i do not talk to anyone about my issues , so
8,null,null,kinda now have a feeling of numbness .
9,null,null,i kinda learned to live like this .
10,null,null,i feel normal , i used to feel like there was a cloud over my head at all times .
11,null,null,My older brother is severely depressed & amp ; .
12,null,null,was prescribed Zoloft
13,null,null,he offered me a one & amp ; i took it in the late afternoon .
14,null,null,i felt more outgoing , him & amp ; i hung out .
15,null,null,The next day , i went to work & amp ; .
16,null,null,was doing an outstanding job with my performance
17,null,null,i did not mind being at work .
18,null,null,after i had a break at work , i ate a bagel & amp ; then i was in the GREATEST mood ever .
19,null,null,i was so happy .
20,null,null,a customer even called me out for being so smiley , but
21,null,null,i could not help it .
22,null,null,i cleaned my entire house , i applied for Spring classes for school & amp ; .
23,null,null,even was thinking of long term dreams of becoming a lawyer
24,null,null,i loved how positive i was feeling .
25,null,null,i smoke weed
26,null,null,, i felt exactly like you feel when you are high , except i did not feel slow .
27,null,null,is this how antidepressants are supposed to make you feel if they re working ?
28,null,null,i kind of want some now if it means i love life
114 14
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Why am I so bad at everything I am even bad at my own hobbies .
2,null,null,I have been producing music since like sophomore year of high school and 4 years later I am still trash .
3,null,null,I have went to the gym and
4,null,null,tried to be consistent
5,null,null,but I am too stupid to work out alone and
6,null,null,even though I watch videos on form
7,null,null,I feel like my form is always shitty .
8,null,null,I am shitty at talking to people and making friends .
9,null,null,I m
10,null,null,losing all my friends because my depression makes me distance myself away from people in hopes of them noticing my absence but no one notices .
11,null,null,I am shitty at school .
12,null,null,I am shitty at driving .
13,null,null,I am shitty at talking to girls .
14,null,null,I just prefer to lay down in bed and listen to good music that I will never be able to make due to my lack of standing out as a producer .
115 37
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am overwhelmed by guilt over my boyfriend
2,null,null,is sexual assault of my once - best friend .
3,null,null,My boyfriend of 2 years and
4,null,null,I both suffer from mental health issues and trauma .
5,null,null,I found out somewhat recently that months ago , when my then - best friend was sleeping over we were both asleep in the bed and he touched her sexually .
6,null,null,Apparently he was stoned and
7,null,null,thought he might start a threesome
8,null,null,( it was casually mentioned as a possibility earlier ) .
9,null,null,I know what he did was horrible .
10,null,null,It makes me sick to my stomach to think that I was there and could not help .
11,null,null,It makes me throw up and stay up at night knowing that I stayed with him .
12,null,null,On the other hand , he himself is absolutely sick with guilt .
13,null,null,He is been having non - stop anxiety attacks , crying spells , and moments of catatonia
14,null,null,and he can not stop saying how horrible it was that he did that and how he wants to be a good person .
15,null,null,I believe he is genuine and my first reaction is to make sure he gets treatment so nothing close to that ever happens again .
16,null,null,He checked himself into a psychiatric ward last night .
17,null,null,I am also so overwhelmed by guilt by how selfish my internal response has been .
18,null,null,He has cheated on me before multiple times , and
19,null,null,I can not help but ruminate on how if I were prettier this would not have happened and how it effects me .
20,null,null,One recent ( smaller ) time just happened and
21,null,null,I have had to take care of his emotions while being angry about this main terrible incident and that one .
22,null,null,Furthermore , I am selfishly worried about how badly this is affecting me .
23,null,null,One of the few ( maybe only ? )
24,null,null,things going right in my life is school and
25,null,null,this is affecting me so negatively in my inability to concentrate or motivate myself .
26,null,null,I am also upset by how critical others have been of me in this even though they are at least partially justified .
27,null,null,He posted his story to Reddit and .
28,null,null,got mostly cautious support
29,null,null,I posted mine and .
30,null,null,got a lot of messages calling me a pervert , an enabler , a shitposter , and a terrible person
31,null,null,He told his parents and one of the things they said was " all three of you made mistakes " .
32,null,null,Unrelated , but
33,null,null,last night he posted a photo of us in the ER and a girl who hates me replied " ew you are back with her ?
34,null,null,Nonono what are you doing .
35,null,null," I have no idea what I have done to make everyone in my life hate me this much .
36,null,null,I do not have anyone left
37,null,null,and I am scared to lose the one person that has stuck around so far .
116 7
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,The good times do not make the bad times worth living .
2,null,null,People always act like it is worth living through bad times
3,null,null,so you can experience the good times but
4,null,null,to me it does not feel worth it .
5,null,null,Even the good times are tainted and
6,null,null,I can barely ever even " enjoy " them the way I am supposed to .
7,null,null,They barely even make it into the picture when I think about my life .
117 28
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,The world needs more " lollipop moments " .
2,null,null,Back in middle school , I was helping out at a sunday school , tutoring primary kids .
3,null,null,There was this adorable little girl who was struggling to sing the right tunes of a hymn .
4,null,null,Even though I have absolutely no musical background , I tried to help her get her vocals and lyrics right by singing the hymn together .
5,null,null,Eventually , I told her to continue repeating it herself and that every practice is an improvement from the last .
6,null,null,She would call me frequently just to sing her new hymns
7,null,null,and I would challenge her to learn a new hymn every week
8,null,null,, this routine went on for quite a while between ourselves ..
9,null,null,Fast forward to today , I am currently a struggling undergrad students coping with depression and stress and well as deteriorating health due to extreme fatigue .
10,null,null,Bad grades and crippling financial debt are the least of my concerns .
11,null,null,Many days I would feel tired and .. and .
12,null,null,unmotivated to do anything
13,null,null,barely making it to lectures only to zone off
14,null,null,At days I would think of suicide as well .
15,null,null,There was nobody I could turn to
16,null,null,that I felt I could relate to or even understand me ..
17,null,null,It was not until a few days ago I received an email from the girl
18,null,null,is mother , the girl was unfortunately diagnosed with an illness that made her lose up to 90 % of her hearing .
19,null,null,However , she was recently accepted to a prestigious musical academy , and .
20,null,null,sent me the audition tape of her performance thanking me for my encouragement
21,null,null,That song that she performed , was the very first hymn she struggled when I first came up to her .
22,null,null,Knowing that the girl went through so much hardship just to chase the dream I stimulated her from her youth gave me so much hope at the darkest point of my life .
23,null,null,Knowing that I had the capacity to influence a big change in a little girls life gave me the purpose to live .
24,null,null,Even though I had to wait for 8 years for this news , it was worth it .
25,null,null,TLR
26,null,null,We all have the ability to give small act of kindness which goes a long way .
27,null,null,From putting a smile on your face to giving away your coat to cover a pair of cold shoulders , do nt underestimate the impact it has to them in the present and the future .
28,null,null,What kind of " lollipop moments " do you have ?
118 7
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Are any of you on agomelatine ?
2,null,null,Currently on 30mg / mirtazapine a day , which is ok aside from how hungry and sleepy it makes me
3,null,null,( I understand that they can be desirable effects for some people but not what I am looking for ) .
4,null,null,I read a bit about agomelatine and
5,null,null,it appears not to have those side effects
6,null,null,but I wanted to know how real people have experienced it before asking the doctor to prescribe it .
7,null,null,Thanks
119 7
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Self - care tips ?
2,null,null,Hi Reddit
3,null,null,, So where I am at today is the episode I have been in is decreasing in severity .
4,null,null,I have been having some success with ( through ? )
5,null,null,adding some structure to my day - to - day .
6,null,null,Using checklists and schedules and other work tools seem to be helping with the mental health work I have to do .
7,null,null,What are some daily / weekly / monthly notasks ' you find help your health ?
120 17
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,What are ways to connect to a close person who is depressed ?
2,null,null,I have been dating a girl for 7 months and
3,null,null,I have notice her cycle of moving close to me then pushing me away .
4,null,null,She gets secluded , and
5,null,null,almost checked her self into a hospital last month
6,null,null,but she has never really opened up about the complex feelings
7,null,null,so I am wondering how can help relate ?
8,null,null,How can get her to know I am here to listen and attempt to understand .
9,null,null,I tell her often how special she is to me , I get her flowers at her doorstep , I show the love but
10,null,null,recently , I am trying to connect a different way .
11,null,null,She is currently pushing me away again , so I asked to take her out to dinner the tomorrow , no response .
12,null,null,I will not give up on her
13,null,null,but I want to make sure the next moves are in the right direction .
14,null,null,I want to walk by her side thru this journey .
15,null,null,I will not give up on her either .
16,null,null,So any insight on how to be a good friend during a depressed state of mind would be amazing
17,null,null,, thank you
121 5
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Who am I ?
2,null,null,I feel like I do not have any defining personality .
3,null,null,I am either the shy person who gets on with what their doing , the social guy who wants to be friends with everyone , the autistic piece of shite nobody likes or just the normal guy .
4,null,null,All of those personalities are just fakes , I know that , but
5,null,null,underneath that , who am I ?
122 11
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,It does not go away with love .
2,null,null,Depression continues to exist even when you think you have found the love of your life .
3,null,null,I look at my partner and .
4,null,null,see the sun
5,null,null,I am looking through foggy lenses , though .
6,null,null,Some days I feel so lonely I can not stand it , even while holding the hand of the best person I have ever known .
7,null,null,I am experiencing a wonderful relationship .
8,null,null,I am being filled with light and love and
9,null,null,I truly feel as though I have hit the jack pot .
10,null,null,But , for some reason , my depression is working hard to make sure to hide my own happiness from me .
11,null,null,I wonder when this will end .
123 11
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,It does not go away with love .
2,null,null,Depression continues to exist even when you think you have found the love of your life .
3,null,null,I look at my partner and .
4,null,null,see the sun
5,null,null,I am looking through foggy lenses , though .
6,null,null,Some days I feel so lonely I can not stand it , even while holding the hand of the best person I have ever known .
7,null,null,I am experiencing a wonderful relationship .
8,null,null,I am being filled with light and love and
9,null,null,I truly feel as though I have hit the jack pot .
10,null,null,But , for some reason , my depression is working hard to make sure to hide my own happiness from me .
11,null,null,I wonder when this will end .
124 19
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Post - Graduation Depression I recently graduated from college , and over the past couple of months I have grown increasingly depressed .
2,null,null,I feel this profound sense of loss and
3,null,null,it feels as if the color has drained from the world .
4,null,null,What is shocking to me is that I honestly hated college
5,null,null,- I was either working or .
6,null,null,studying 24x7
7,null,null,I rarely had a single moment for myself or friends and .
8,null,null,was constantly exhausted and anxious
9,null,null,Now , I have a great job , , thanks to working so much in college ) , and .
10,null,null,live with my girlfriend
11,null,null,have almost no debt (
12,null,null,live in my ideal area
13,null,null,My life is comparatively so much better , but
14,null,null,I feel this knot in my stomach as if I just finished a good book or beat the story of a video game
15,null,null,and now I am finally seeing how much of myself I have given up to get to where I am .
16,null,null,Life feels devoid of adventure
17,null,null,and I feel like I have no passion left .
18,null,null,I have struggled with depression for a long time , but
19,null,null,it is weird to have it catch up with me at the point in my life where past sacrifices were meant to mitigate it .
125 15
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I feel like nothing matters , so
2,null,null,why try ?
3,null,null,Hey guys , I have decided to turn to reddit to try to get some help with my lack of motivation .
4,null,null,Recently I have felt like nothing matters in the end , and
5,null,null,nothing I do makes a difference .
6,null,null,We are on a random rock floating through space in a universe that s bigger than we could ever fathom
7,null,null,and we do not understand , and
8,null,null,we think that things that we do matter .
9,null,null,I feel like I have heard " just because nothing matters does not mean you can not be happy
10,null,null," a thousand times , and
11,null,null,while it sounds good , I can not get passed my negative view on things .
12,null,null,I honestly wish that I thought that way , but
13,null,null,that is not how I think .
14,null,null,I guess I posted this to try to get different perspective .
15,null,null,If anyone has gone through the same thing , could you let me know how you changed your outlook on life ?
126 3
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,What are your helpful coping mechanisms ?
2,null,null,Sometimes when I am really depressed , I cook an intricate meal because it forces me out of the house to buy the ingredients and gives me a purpose for a few hours .
3,null,null,Versus an unhealthy coping mechanism like drinking or cutting , what are your more healthy options for coping with depression ?
127 6
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Does depression make you forgetful ?
2,null,null,I do not know what to do .
3,null,null,My depression is so bad lately because of everything going on and having 0 downtime , that I am beginning to forget things ..
4,null,null,and I am afraid my boss has noticed .
5,null,null,Depression does this , right ?
6,null,null,Or is it more of a medication thing ?
128 15
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am 29 , female
2,null,null,and i live in the UK .
3,null,null,My background with depression is that i started suffering from it significantly when i was 18 and have been on various antidepressants since .
4,null,null,I have recently come off Effexor ( venlafaxine ) after about 5 years of being on it , at mostly the 150 mg dose , and
5,null,null,this has been the only antidepressant that is properly helped me .
6,null,null,Two months ago i decided to come off it , as i d been wanting to at least lower the dose i was taking , for some time .
7,null,null,Also my doctors surgery are now " funnier " about prescribing it to new patients because of the reports of heart .
8,null,null,murmurs among some patients
9,null,null,I have been taking citalopram , at either 20 mg or 40 mg
10,null,null,but i do not really like these medications and after this month is up I am hoping to come off them , either to go on something else or to stop taking antidepressants altogether , those are my options .
11,null,null,But the truth is .. and
12,null,null,my doctor is wondering as well ..
13,null,null,what medications would i go on next ?
14,null,null,I have felt pretty rotten lately and the citalopram has done little for me except negative stuff , it makes me want to just take the venlafaxine again !
15,null,null,Any thoughts , comments or suggestions would be most welcome ! !
129 24
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Why does not the military care
2,null,null,I have been in for almost 3 years now and
3,null,null,for the past 2 years I have not been my self .
4,null,null,I can not sleep at night , I find no joy and anything at all anymore
5,null,null,I literally hate the world all because of the navy .
6,null,null,I have asked for help a year or so back and when I got the chance to talk to a chaplin and explain how I just hate the navy and what is it is done for me all he told me was that it is good
7,null,null,I am in
8,null,null,and I need to suck it up and move on .
9,null,null,Now I am at a new command .
10,null,null,Ones that is actually very strict and now with problems like this
11,null,null,there is actually bad repercussions for depression and shit
12,null,null,so I asked someone I knew from my last command on what to do
13,null,null,and he got a hold of someone here and
14,null,null,shit blew up .
15,null,null,I had chaplins calling me and a bunch of higher ups and
16,null,null,I denied the chaplins talk because of my problems with the last one
17,null,null,and I just went with a first class instead .
18,null,null,Once again all they told me was how great the navy is and how my problems are just me being a pussy pretty much .
19,null,null,Why does not any care about how we feel or how I feel .
20,null,null,My last command we had a person who shot them self and
21,null,null,they just swept it under the rug and acted like it never happened .
22,null,null,Who can I actually talk to here .
23,null,null,that can help
24,null,null,All i want is to get out of the shit and be fucking normal again .
130 19
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am 19 and
2,null,null,I go to school full - time ( or try to ) and work part - time .
3,null,null,I usually end up having a breakdown sometime during the middle of the semester and .
4,null,null,have to drop either all or most of my classes
5,null,null,In two years I have only completed 27 credits and
6,null,null,I feel like a total failure .
7,null,null,I struggle through the semester even when the classes are not that difficult .
8,null,null,I just have a hard time focusing , concentrating and simply maintaining an interest in my classes .
9,null,null,I just feel like an idiot and a failure sometimes because others my age are so much further along than me
10,null,null,and I feel if I could just make myself focus more , I would be too .
11,null,null,When I am able to concentrate , I do well
12,null,null,but it is so rare that I am able to concentrate .
13,null,null,On top of all that , I hate my job .
14,null,null,It fills me with dread anytime I even think about having to go .
15,null,null,I just feel overwhelmed sometimes
16,null,null,and I feel like I am not going to amount to anything in life .
17,null,null,I started medications at the end of May
18,null,null,but so far they have not kicked in yet .
19,null,null,Is anyone else having this problem with school ? ?
131 8
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am not good at anything I used to draw good
2,null,null,but now i have gotten worse at it for some reason .
3,null,null,I have no idea how life works
4,null,null,, i suck at socializing and .
5,null,null,keeping up relationships
6,null,null,Even if i invest 300 hours in a game i am still below average at it .
7,null,null,The fact that i am constantly tired and have 0 energy does not help me much either .
8,null,null,No matter what i do i am never more than average at it .
132 7
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,After struggling more than a year I finally cut off all contact with my crush I deleted her from every friendlist , .
2,null,null,unfollowed her everywhere and basically removed her from my life after years of friendship
3,null,null,I just could not deal with it anymore .
4,null,null,Loving her is one of the reasons I am as miserable as I am right now and as stupid as it sounds , one of the reasons I think about suicide daily just because I can not get her out of my head .
5,null,null,I hope it helps
6,null,null,and I hope she will never get in touch with me and asks what is going on .
7,null,null,I just want to forget her .
133 15
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Do not want to live , do not want to die .
2,null,null,I just want to stop existing .
3,null,null,Vanish into thin air without a trace and .
4,null,null,wipe my entire existence off the face of the planet
5,null,null,I do not want anyone to love me or miss or care about me .
6,null,null,I do not remember the last time I was actually happy
7,null,null,and I do not see things ever getting better because they have been bad for so long .
8,null,null,Nothing ever changes no matter how hard I try .
9,null,null,I can not stand being alone , but
10,null,null,when I am around anyone I just want to isolate .
11,null,null,I can not eat because I get sick after 2 bites .
12,null,null,I can not sleep because I have nightmares or always dream about undesirable things .
13,null,null,I just do not know anymore .
14,null,null,This is not living , but
15,null,null,whatever it is , I do not want to do it .
134 8
 (0, 0),
1,null,null," Life has no meaning the moment you lose the illusion of being eternal .
2,null,null,"
3,null,null,This quote fucked me up .
4,null,null,I have been constantly struggling to find meaning in my life
5,null,null,and then I come across this quote
6,null,null,and it absolutely drains me .
7,null,null,It is validation for my worries and pain .
8,null,null,I just want this to be over .
135 11
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,There are so many things I want to say to people , things I want to type ..
2,null,null,But in the end , no matter how much of that text I wrote or
3,null,null,how much I think about what to say , I delete it in the end .
4,null,null,I am sure I am not alone in this regard , but
5,null,null,I feel like 90 % of all potential comments and posts on reddit
6,null,null,I make are deleted before I post them .
7,null,null,"
8,null,null,Somebody else probably said it already . "
9,null,null," Nobody cares what I have to say anyway . " Just things like that .
10,null,null,Lots more too , but
11,null,null,I am just going to post this now while I still have the nerve to do it .
136 33
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Finding it difficult after college Hi .
2,null,null,I m 23 and
3,null,null,lately I have lost interest in everything .
4,null,null,It kinda started last semester , I finished my masters and .
5,null,null,missed out on a 1.1 from a bad assignment
6,null,null,, can not find any jobs relating to my degree and am currently stuck in a miserable retail job
7,null,null,Since the new year started everything has been getting tougher .
8,null,null,I have been applying for PhDs , science jobs and anything that i could use my degree for , and .
9,null,null,everything I ve applied for I have been rejected from
10,null,null,My supervisor I was applying for scholarships with
11,null,null,has kinda just abandoned me because I was declined from a competitive scholarship he wanted his project funded for .
12,null,null,I feel like everything relates back that I narrowly missed out on my top grade
13,null,null,so I am basically an idiot .
14,null,null,Since then I am in a retail job where I get shouted at by customers every day .
15,null,null,My roommate and best friend landed me saying she was leaving our apartment and ringing the landlord - literally out of nowhere- , so
16,null,null,I have to leave the city and move back home .
17,null,null,I have been prescribed antidepressants before but
18,null,null,I found that they made me feel worse
19,null,null,and I could not stay on them .
20,null,null,I feel like I am just stuck in a rut
21,null,null,and I will never get out .
22,null,null,All my friends are either in phds or jobs that they like
23,null,null,and I am the only one in a miserable job .
24,null,null,I have applied for another masters , the one I initially wanted before I got accepted into the one I degreed in , but
25,null,null,I feel like it is just a waste of time .
26,null,null,I have a family that loves me and a boyfriend and a few good friends
27,null,null,I know care
28,null,null,but I just find myself thinking that they d be happier if I was not around .
29,null,null,Everything I have tried to do has just been a failure
30,null,null,and I have just lost interest in life .
31,null,null,Some days I really do not want to leave my bed and just lie there because I am just going to fail again .
32,null,null,Sorry for the rant .
33,null,null,TLR : finding myself in a rut I just can not get out of and have lost interest in life
137 17
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Dropping out of college ?
2,null,null,I can not find the point in my classes , the confusing and silly assignments they give .
3,null,null,School was never my thing to be exact , I did decent but .
4,null,null,did not really ever try to get super good grades
5,null,null,That kinda thing just seems silly to me .
6,null,null,Salute to everyone in school or college , I hope your doing well .
7,null,null,I would drop out right now
8,null,null,but i know that my family would look down on me .
9,null,null,They think the only way out for me is school , and
10,null,null,I hate school with a passion and manage to blow it off everytime .
11,null,null,I feel like I could go back to college , you know , go back and get the shit u need .
12,null,null,But where I am at right now .. working only 20 some hours and managing to be broke every week from drug use and other stuff from being so stressed and unhappy .
13,null,null,I personally feel I would enjoy my life so much better if I did not have school right now .
14,null,null,I have never said that
15,null,null,and I just wanted to tell someone .
16,null,null,Idk what I am going to do
17,null,null,but these are my thoughts that I can not contain at the moment .
138 23
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Advice on where to post for advice on taking antidepressants .
2,null,null,Hi ,
3,null,null,UK based
4,null,null,poster - I have recently taken my Doctors advice and .
5,null,null,got a prescription for antidepressants
6,null,null,I have been in - and - out of various states of mild to severe depression throughout my teens & amp ; twenties , but
7,null,null,I have always figured this is just something everyone has to deal with at some stage or another , so I have never sought help even when falling off a proverbial cliff edge .
8,null,null,After much deliberation , someone I care deeply about got me to try counselling , but
9,null,null,I find that I am really not getting much out of it
10,null,null,right now , as I do not have the will to try , and my focus is all over the place ( I am being tested for ADHD too , but
11,null,null,I am still awaiting the results ) .
12,null,null,My Doctor suggested trying a combination of antidepressants and CBT ( the latter of which I am currently attempting to source a support group for ) , however I have an underlying phobia of long - term medication after seeing several people close to me , .
13,null,null,use it as a crutch and just become something wholly unfamiliar to me as a result
14,null,null,I have been prescribed Citalopram ( Celexa for those stateside )
15,null,null,but like I said -
16,null,null,I have deep - seated reservations about taking them and
17,null,null,before I tried , I wanted to see if there was anywhere /
18,null,null,anyone
19,null,null,I could talk to about their experiences on the drug and any perhaps any suggestions they could offer about managing short - term ( 6 - 9 months )
20,null,null,antidepressant medication ?
21,null,null,I have looked at the sub - reddit rules for this group and
22,null,null,I am not sure
23,null,null,if this crosses rule 3 ; if so , can someone help me find the right place to ask my question(s ) ?
139 14
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Oh yeah ! !
2,null,null,I am 52 , perimenopausal and .
3,null,null,on EffexorXR and the occasional chlorazapate
4,null,null,I could NOT figure out why all of a sudden I was feeling so much worse shaky
5,null,null,, can not sleep / want to sleep all the time .
6,null,null,Then a ping went off in my head
7,null,null,and I went " Duh !
8,null,null," I had stopped taking the hormones 5 weeks ago and .
9,null,null,have been in a gradual downward spiral since
10,null,null,It just did not get bad or noticeable till last weekend .
11,null,null,Called my GYN and .
12,null,null,told her the hormone reduction experiment was a total failure
13,null,null,I am going for a new hormone today .
14,null,null,I have heard that very low dose BC pills can help if the PMDD gets really bad .
140 34
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I sob thinking about my painfully wasted young years
2,null,null,I am going to write this hopefully without stopping to think myself into madness with corrections and such .
3,null,null,Too late I just backspaced two whole sentences !
4,null,null,There is this big fucking hard block of concrete in my head that stops me from doing anything including things I like such as drawing and reading .
5,null,null,I love going on tumblr and pinterest and deviantart to look at the amazing drawings and
6,null,null,paintings people are able to create .
7,null,null,Sometimes though , I get really jealous of the fictional characters in the fandoms .
8,null,null,Heck , I get really jealous of people in my life and around the world ; young people .
9,null,null,I just get this sinking , dreadful feeling inside my chest realizing that I am wasting my young years doing nothing .
10,null,null,I am 24 now , and
11,null,null,looking back on my life
12,null,null,I have just been a sad , pathetic underachiever with no drive or history of doing anything adventurous .
13,null,null,I am wasting my young years .
14,null,null,I am wasting my young years .
15,null,null,It plays over in my head all the time .
16,null,null,I can not get my brain to shut off .
17,null,null,Every night before I go to bed it plays over and over .
18,null,null,I am just so sad and disappointed in my life and how I have done nothing with it .
19,null,null,Even as a little kid I never did anything fun
20,null,null,and I do not have any wild stories of adventure , excitement , nor things like "
21,null,null,Lol
22,null,null,we were dumb kids yada yada ..
23,null,null,We did this all the time yada yada ..
24,null,null," I am sorry for the rant .
25,null,null,Writing it out did not help me get the chants out of my head .
26,null,null,I am so sad guys .
27,null,null,And I know that fictional characters are deliberately made to be fascinating and have amazing lives , but
28,null,null,there are people who were born 5 years before me ( who are real , yes ) and they are really living their lives to the fullest and are doing amazing things .
29,null,null,Right now I want to go out , rent a solid 4x4 , and drive to some god
30,null,null,knows where designated dark space and lay on my back and gaze at the stars in the night sky .
31,null,null,I want to go do something fun and amazing , but
32,null,null,knowing I have wasted so many years being depressed in bed , on my computer , sleeping , and just doing nothing will haunt me forever .
33,null,null,Please take me back to being a little girl again .
34,null,null,Let me try again please .
141 30
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I seem to have depression the worst , first thing in the morning lately .
2,null,null,Just started with a new pdoc after 7 months .
3,null,null,with another pdoc since this latest episode occured .
4,null,null,My old pdoc thought I could have a mild bipolar disorder but was not sure .
5,null,null,My 20 mg of prozac had stopped working after several years of keeping me stable .
6,null,null,She started me on lamictal
7,null,null,and I am now up to 100 mg / day .
8,null,null,Stopped the prozac in early January and .
9,null,null,got worse , but not right away
10,null,null,I was having a good week /
11,null,null,bad week type pattern depending on where I was in my menstrual cycle while I was on the prozac .
12,null,null,I have battled depression on and off for 20 years .
13,null,null,Particularly bad postpartum and .
14,null,null,this recent episode
15,null,null,I am 41 years old and .
16,null,null,have not felt this bad since I had my daughter 8 years ago
17,null,null,My new doctor thinks I do not have an ounce of bipolar and that I am just in a depression
18,null,null,( I tend to agree with her ) .
19,null,null,We decided together to add Lexapro to the mix and see if that helps me level out all the days of the month .
20,null,null,I have been on it almost 2 weeks patiently waiting for some results
21,null,null,- I am well aware of the waiting game .
22,null,null,I am also taking Xanax XR in the evenings for sleep and to avert morning anxiety .
23,null,null,I take my Lamictal in the morning and
24,null,null,a very small ( half of the lowest dose of xanax )
25,null,null,as well .
26,null,null,I seem to get moving and can be quite productive during my day after I take the Lamictal / xanax - do not know if this is a placebo effect ? ?
27,null,null,My question is , has anyone experienced this a.m. depression that seems to lift a bit later in the day ?
28,null,null,Also , does anyone take Lamictal for unipolar depression ?
29,null,null,The last thing I want is to be taking too much of anything and further putting off good health .
30,null,null,Starting to wonder if the Xanax XR in the evening is giving me this early morning dread ? ?
142 19
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Will I ever feel beautiful I lost alot of weight , went from a size 20 to a size 10/12 uk size and I get told I look good .
2,null,null,Guys who approach me forget me when they see how broken I am inside . "
3,null,null,No one will love you if you are unattractive ..
4,null,null," my family looks like the cover of a magazine
5,null,null,and I look like shit .
6,null,null,I hate myself , I just broke a mirror and
7,null,null,my hands are bleeding .
8,null,null,Please when will these emotions pass ?
9,null,null,Should i save up for sugery ?
10,null,null,Will i feel beautiful then ?
11,null,null,Why does my sister look like a model , my bro too 6"4 and attractive .
12,null,null,Guys used me to get to my sister and girls .
13,null,null,used me to get to my brother
14,null,null,Someone please .
15,null,null,Like me for me and .
16,null,null,tell me looks do not matter
17,null,null,Please get to know me .
18,null,null,Please .
19,null,null,Please .
143 15
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am gon na die a virgin .
2,null,null,No one likes me
3,null,null,and I have no friends .
4,null,null,My masculinity , self - esteem , and sense of self - worth have been destroyed thoroughly and .
5,null,null,are simply nonexistent anymore
6,null,null,I do not even bother trying anymore
7,null,null,, I just wallow in my own sadness and escapist entertainment trying to find a reason to continue living with the fact that I am worthless .
8,null,null,No woman would ever be into me and
9,null,null,I am gon na die a virgin .
10,null,null,I can not even find solace in masturbation because whenever I see any sort of porn
11,null,null,I go deep into a depression again because seeing two people enjoying each other makes me envious .
12,null,null,I have no friends and
13,null,null,now I do not think I can make any .
14,null,null,I can not make friends with people
15,null,null,I do not know how to do anything right man .
144 10
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,lonely Despite having great family that thinks the world of me , I just feel so damn alone all the time .
2,null,null,I have great friends that reassure me that I am not alone , but
3,null,null,I struggle forcing myself to believe that .
4,null,null,I hate this about myself because I am grateful to have what I have , and
5,null,null,I am god awful at showing my appreciation for this .
6,null,null,A lot of the time I am mentally just not here at all .
7,null,null,Most days I can not stop feeling so shitty to the point where some days I will take 5 hour naps throughout the day just to avoid any shallow conversation with other people .
8,null,null,I have tried going into things with a positive mindset , but
9,null,null,I still just felt distant .
10,null,null,Any advice ?
145 16
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Martin Luther King Jr.
2,null,null,And depression "
3,null,null,As my sufferings mounted I soon realized that there were two ways in which I could respond to my situation -- either to react with bitterness or seek to transform the suffering into a creative force .
4,null,null,I decided to follow the latter course"- King JR .
5,null,null,Today got me thinking ..
6,null,null,We need to figure out how we can turn our discontent , anxiety , anhedonia , insecurity , self hatred , and the meaninglessness that we all feel into real world change that we can see , touch , and feel proud of in a tangible form .
7,null,null,We need to figure out as a community , how we can re - direct our negative feelings into helping others , and maby in the process we will be helping ourselves .
8,null,null,I think alot of us feel meaningless , and have a hard time creating motivation to get us out of bed , besides our rare and far between moments of clarity .
9,null,null,If we could find a way to re - direct our negative energy and encourage eachother to work towards causes we believe in , we could change the world while at the same time changing ourselves .
10,null,null,At this point in my life , I have a " good job " and financial security , but
11,null,null,I still experience horrible depression and that underlying feeling that i m a failure and living a " meaninglessness existence " .
12,null,null,I have come to find that the only time I really feel " alive " , or any feeling remotely resembling happiness is when I am either on drugs , or when I am helping people and making a difference .
13,null,null,The latter of those two has actually improved my life , and
14,null,null,I am hoping that as a depression community , we can motivate eachother to help re - direct our sadness to further causes that are meaningful to us , and hopefully squash our cynicism .
15,null,null,"
16,null,null,The LawofConservation of Energy , states thatenergycan neither be created nor destroyed;energycan only be transferred or changed from one form to another "
146 15
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,19 years old and
2,null,null,already miserable
3,null,null,i just need to vent about how lost i feel in life .
4,null,null,i have no dreams or ambitions about what i want to do as a career in my life , i have a job now
5,null,null,which i suck at even though i basically only help my boss a few times out of the day
6,null,null,and i only get about one shift every two weeks .
7,null,null,i suck at driving even though its been a couple of months of constant driving practice trying to get my license .
8,null,null,i have had girls interested me in the past but not for a long time even though i always manage to fuck it up anyway because i m
9,null,null,so socially awkward
10,null,null,and i honestly feel like i m going to be alone for life because i ca nt make a connection with any girl on earth .
11,null,null,I feel like i m losing my close friends even though we were all so close about a year ago .
12,null,null,I already feel like a disappointment to my parents
13,null,null,and i just want to lay in bed and listen to music all day everyday .
14,null,null,Please tell this is nt how life is supposed to be , i feel like anxiety and
15,null,null,this recurring sadness has taken control over me .
147 51
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,[ F17 ] I really need someone to listen This is a throw - away , because I do not want anyone in my personal life to see this .
2,null,null,Let me preface this by saying I have been diagnosed with bipolar tendencies ( i guess you can not diagnose bipolar disorder until you are 18 ) , severe depression , chronic anxiety and body dysmorphia .
3,null,null,I have been hospitalized for a suicide attempt almost two years ago , and
4,null,null,I have struggled with self harm since fourth grade .
5,null,null,I was bullied relentlessly throughout elementary and middle school .
6,null,null,Thankfully , i have been clean for a year , and
7,null,null,after the hospital I got on medication and things started to get better for a while .
8,null,null,My senior year has been great so far but
9,null,null,it is starting to get bad again .
10,null,null,I used to be a social smoker , but
11,null,null,now I am completely dependent on marijuana for everything .
12,null,null,I am not hungry unless I smoke
13,null,null,and I can not fall asleep unless I smoke .
14,null,null,I need it to get through the day .
15,null,null,I can not go to college , because I can not afford it
16,null,null,and my mom says she can not consign on a loan for me .
17,null,null,I totally understand that too , because if my dad were to die she would be in trouble and in tens of thousands of dollars in debt .
18,null,null,I am just sad because I want to go away like all of my friends
19,null,null,but I can not .
20,null,null,My dad is most likely going to lose his job soon apparently too , which is going to put us in poverty .
21,null,null,My mom and dad fight all the time , and .
22,null,null,hate each other
23,null,null,They have both talked about getting a divorce to me exclusively .
24,null,null,I pretend like it does not bother me , but
25,null,null,it does .
26,null,null,My dad is addicted to prescription painkillers , and .
27,null,null,locks himself in his room the minute he gets home
28,null,null,He comes to my choir concerts , plays , and musicals but leaves almost immediately after it starts , which hurts me a lot .
29,null,null,I pretend like I do not care about that either .
30,null,null,The thing that hurts me the most now is my dog was put down today .
31,null,null,She was my first dog .
32,null,null,I was allergic to dogs when I was way younger .
33,null,null,I grew out of it and
34,null,null,it took so long to find her , because my mom was set on picking the perfect dog for us .
35,null,null,We found her , and
36,null,null,now she is gone .
37,null,null,I was the one who stayed in the room with her , because my mom could not do it .
38,null,null,I pet and .
39,null,null,comforted her while she died
40,null,null,I have never had to cope with someone dying before , and
41,null,null,it is so hard .
42,null,null,She was just a dog , but
43,null,null,I still loved her so much .
44,null,null,I want her back so bad .
45,null,null,My problems are so minor compared to some people , but
46,null,null,is
47,null,null,I am so sad right now .
48,null,null,I do not know what to do .
49,null,null,This is the first time in a while that I have wanted to kill myself , but
50,null,null,I do not want to go down that road again .
51,null,null,I just do not know how to cope anymore .
148 38
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,My Boyfriend Talks Daily About Suicide --
2,null,null,Wo not Go To
3,null,null,Hospital Hi guys , I am really just at a loss for what to do .
4,null,null,I am absolutely gutted .
5,null,null,My boyfriend has pretty serious depression and .
6,null,null,is in dire need of help
7,null,null,I will not be able to get him in to see a therapist until next week .
8,null,null,He has recently become quite down on his luck and
9,null,null,he hates himself for it .
10,null,null,His anxiety stopped him from going to work , and
11,null,null,he was fired .
12,null,null,He has a new job now , but
13,null,null,he hates it as it is a factory job where he works 60 hrs / week .
14,null,null,Any time I try to help him find a new job
15,null,null,so he can leave this job , he completely panics and shuts down and
16,null,null,I can not say anything or .
17,null,null,else he yells
18,null,null,It has gotten so bad recently that I dread waking up in the morning because of the psychological warfare with him .
19,null,null,He will do things like saying he wants to self - harm , or
20,null,null,he is going to jump out of the car while I am driving .
21,null,null,I have been with him for years , through thick and thin .
22,null,null,I have had to bring him to the hospital before , and
23,null,null,he did get better for a few months .
24,null,null,He told me tonight he does not want me to pick him up from work , and that he was not going to come home .
25,null,null,At this point I feel completely lost , and
26,null,null,I know calling the police will not help .
27,null,null,I feel trapped and
28,null,null,I need to get out for my own health , but I am deathly terrified he is going to kill himself if I leave .
29,null,null,He told me I am the only thing holding him back from killing himself .
30,null,null,I am scared .
31,null,null,He is such a good person when he is not feeling this constant depression .
32,null,null,I do not know how to get him to understand
33,null,null,we just want to help him .
34,null,null,He shuts me down every single day , and
35,null,null,it hurts knowing he has given up on himself .
36,null,null,What can I do to help him until he can see his therapist next week ?
37,null,null,I want to leave
38,null,null,but I am so scared he will kill himself if I do .
149 56
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Finally got a job , but .
2,null,null,do not really care
3,null,null,So , finally after about 10 - 11 months , I got a job .
4,null,null,The job is not a bad one .
5,null,null,Quite the opposite , actually .
6,null,null,They specifically hired me saying that they were not looking for someone to just stick for a year and move on ; they wanted to hire someone and
7,null,null,essentially keep them / train them eventually up to management level in the course of hopefully a year or two depending
8,null,null,how well I take it .
9,null,null,I said yes .. though , mostly out of seizing a good opportunity .
10,null,null,I am not happy , or .
11,null,null,excited
12,null,null,I just do not care , really .
13,null,null,& amp;nbsp ; First and foremost , I am a minimalist .
14,null,null,The urgency of " I need to save and buy a house " , or
15,null,null," I need a secure career / future " ,
16,null,null,etc
17,null,null,.. is non - existent in my life .
18,null,null,Everything I own could fit in a van , and
19,null,null,there would still be space left .
20,null,null,I am not exaggerating .
21,null,null,I have even contemplated living in one ; .
22,null,null,build some insulation to the walls , lay out some flooring , and call it home
23,null,null,I would be absolutely 100 % comfortable .
24,null,null,Anyway~
25,null,null,My point is I actually have no reason to be taking this opportunity .
26,null,null,The only thing that really ran through my head was " I will probably kick myself in the ass in the future for not taking this " .
27,null,null,Considering this is a job that will eventually lead to a solid annual salary within essentially no time , and requires no degrees or fancy stuff , it was kinda hard to say no .
28,null,null,But it was also kinda hard to say yes .
29,null,null,I do not have an endgame .
30,null,null,I do not have a goal .
31,null,null,At best , the closest thing to a goal that came to mind was " Eh , I would probably get back into riding , and buy myself a motorcycle or something " .
32,null,null,That was it .
33,null,null,My mind literally blanks after that .
34,null,null,Nothing else is there .
35,null,null,& amp;nbsp ; I am not suicidal .
36,null,null,I do not go to sleep hoping that I will never wake up again ( though I would not be upset by it ) , and
37,null,null,I do not wake up upset that I am alive for another day in life .
38,null,null,If I had to describe how I feel right now ..
39,null,null,Everything is in a very , very quiet limbo .
40,null,null,It is a very passive depression .
41,null,null,& amp;nbsp ; The best way I can summarize it is that this world has so much " noise " , and
42,null,null,it is exhausting for me .
43,null,null,I get exhausted just from thinking about it .
44,null,null,I wish people could just relax , and .
45,null,null,stop stirring so much motion around
46,null,null,It is always been like this for my entire life .
47,null,null,I am so tired .
48,null,null,Everything / everyone has to move around with such haste , but
49,null,null,all I want to do is stop .
50,null,null,I just want to appreciate the colors .
51,null,null,I want to laugh .
52,null,null,I want to be happy .
53,null,null,But in this world , you * can not * be happy looking at the colors .
54,null,null,& amp;nbsp ;
55,null,null,* You just .. can not .
56,null,null,*
150 9
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Finally on the path to getting myself back .
2,null,null,I had a really bad panic attack last night that came out of nowhere
3,null,null,and it enabled me to visit my doctor today and talk about my depression .
4,null,null,She gave me some prescriptions and .
5,null,null,referred me to several therapists
6,null,null,I am finally going to start taking meds so hopefully in about a month .
7,null,null,I will start getting my life back
8,null,null,Hell
9,null,null,even if these particular meds do not agree with my system , just the fact that I have taken my first steps in my journey is enough hope for me !
151 85
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Just venting Not sure the general gist of where this post is going
2,null,null,but I just kind of want to write down my thoughts .
3,null,null,I tend to feel better after I do so .
4,null,null,Maybe along with that I can have the added bonus of affecting somebody else in a positive way with what I say or that someone else understands what I am saying .
5,null,null,I am alone as I type this .
6,null,null,I am sure many people who frequent this sub would describe themselves in that way .
7,null,null,I feel over the years I have been getting more and more depressed .
8,null,null,I was depressed when in my teens
9,null,null,then I hit a lull in my 20s where I just did not care about much and put things out of mind .
10,null,null,Now , I seem to be at a combination of both .
11,null,null,A kind of dead , feel nothing type of feeling mixed in with depression .
12,null,null,I have been getting angrier as well .
13,null,null,Bitter and .
14,null,null,resentful
15,null,null,I feel like when I was a teen
16,null,null,I just thought strongly that I was not very great in the general sense .
17,null,null,I feel like I now know that to be true .
18,null,null,After enough life experience and enough time with yourself you start to see who and what you are .
19,null,null,Needless to say I do not like who I am .
20,null,null,Maybe you do not either .
21,null,null,I am not as strong , wise , caring , compassionate , friendly , hard - working , courageous , generous , et fuckin cetera that I would like .
22,null,null,"
23,null,null,Well , why do not you change ?
24,null,null,"
25,null,null,Cause I clearly do not fuckin want to .
26,null,null,Maybe I enjoy being depressed ?
27,null,null,Because obviously I have laid out terms , so to speak , for me to be depressed .
28,null,null,Not courageous , hard enough working , kind etc etc .
29,null,null,Yet , I do not do shit about it .
30,null,null,So why complain as if I am depressed because of it ?
31,null,null,I think that is where the day to day numb feeling comes in .
32,null,null,It is like " I am this way .
33,null,null,I do not like being this way .
34,null,null,I do not change being this way .
35,null,null,Why tf are you even upset ?
36,null,null," I really do not feel I deserve what I have in my life .
37,null,null,Like the organ donor program I feel I would want to give my body to someone else .
38,null,null,Maybe they can make better use of my fully functional legs .
39,null,null,My vision .
40,null,null,Ever see those people do an absolute fuck ton of things with their life ?
41,null,null,Those people who are so driven to accomplish a b c d e f g ..
42,null,null,Every day of their life
43,null,null,and they only have 1 limb ?
44,null,null,Are blind ?
45,null,null,Live in abject poverty ?
46,null,null,I have NONE of these fucking hurdles .
47,null,null,I , in fact , do not have anything anyone would legitimately call a hurdle in life and
48,null,null,yet I feel depressed .
49,null,null,It is probably justified that I feel this way .
50,null,null,I do not do anything to try and feel better
51,null,null,and I do not capitalize on advantages I have in my life to make things better .
52,null,null,To grow as a person .
53,null,null,I do not do that for myself
54,null,null,let alone for other people .
55,null,null,And yet I want to have success ..
56,null,null,I want to have profound love .
57,null,null,Meaning and .
58,null,null,purpose
59,null,null,What a joke Just wish I could hit the fast forward button on this shit and get through with it .
60,null,null,Oh right ..
61,null,null,There is suicide .
62,null,null,But even that holds it is own unique stigma to it .
63,null,null,Next to no one would recommend you do that .
64,null,null,It is not an ideal solution .
65,null,null,So on and
66,null,null,so forth .
67,null,null,But you kind of have to admit that those that do go through with it ..
68,null,null,It is as if you can not question them .
69,null,null,You can not question their pain .
70,null,null,Ca not question their sense of guilt or anguish or depression and sadness .
71,null,null,They solidified it and .
72,null,null,made it real moreso than practically anyone could ever do when alive
73,null,null,Sometimes I wonder if those that commit suicide do so because it is either a )
74,null,null,the only perceived way out of their grief or b ) that it effectively proves to others beyond a shadow of a doubt what kind of hell they had been living through in the years leading up to doing it .
75,null,null,You can never question someone who killed themselves as to whether their pain was real .
76,null,null,Not just in the sense that they are no longer around to ask but .
77,null,null,that no one would ask what everyone inherently knows
78,null,null,Of course they felt pain .
79,null,null,I feel that might be suicides greatest allure .
80,null,null,It effectively puts a stamp on your sadness as legitimate .
81,null,null,I have thought about it a lot throughout my life .
82,null,null,I do not think I would ever have the stones to do it .
83,null,null,Maybe my life or state of mind just is not that bad .
84,null,null,Not yet anyways .
85,null,null,Kind of a long read Hi to all those that like reading long posts from internet randoms
152 24
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Whatever happened to Doctor - patient confidentiality ? ?
2,null,null,I applied for short term disability because depression is affecting my job
3,null,null,and I am barely function - able at work .
4,null,null,The insurance company made me sign a waiver of privacy to both my therapist and psychiatrist .
5,null,null,Now they can call them up and ! !
6,null,null,ask anything they want
7,null,null,The insurance company called me yesterday for a telephone " interview " !
8,null,null,They wanted me to explain why I needed the time off , what my symptoms are , how long have I been like this ,
9,null,null,really personal questions ..
10,null,null,They are going to be the ones who determine whether I can get disability pay or not !
11,null,null,Whatever happened to just taking the word of the doctor ? ?
12,null,null,I wonder who the insurance company can tell ?
13,null,null,I forgot to ask them if this is going to be kept confidential .
14,null,null,They also asked how this is affecting my job , I felt if I gave the " wrong " answer , they will decide not to pay me .
15,null,null,I wonder what they are going to ask my shrinks , and .
16,null,null,how much info the shrinks can give them
17,null,null,Also , I understand that the shrinks / therapists can break the confidentiality rule if you threaten to hurt yourself or another -- that I can understand , but !
18,null,null,if you are ever on trial for something they can subpoena the doctors and they have to tell ALL
19,null,null,That is ridiculous !
20,null,null,What happens if I am just a witness to some crime , but .
21,null,null,did not do the crime
22,null,null,What happens if the lawyers want to discredit me
23,null,null,so they put my shrink on the stand to ask what a nut I am ?
24,null,null,Just ranting , but opinions , feedback would be appreciated .
153 23
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am 20 year old female .
2,null,null,I have been on numerous antidepressant and anxiety medicine since I was 11 years old .
3,null,null,I never had a problem with sexual dysfunction because 1 ) I had never been in a serious relationship , 2 )
4,null,null,I had never been sexual with someone .
5,null,null,Now that I am in a sexual , serious relationship , I am having problems .
6,null,null,I believe this is a result of Lexapro .
7,null,null,I have never had a problem orgasming ( at least not to this extent )
8,null,null,and I have been on Zoloft , Prozac
9,null,null,, you name it , .
10,null,null,etc
11,null,null,( These medicines were changed because they were either making me too drowsy or simply were not working ) .
12,null,null,During the summer , I was only on Wellbutrin and .
13,null,null,had no problem orgasming
14,null,null,However , due to overwhelming anxiety during the start of the school year , I started taking Lexparo and .
15,null,null,continued the Wellbutrin
16,null,null,Ever since I added Lexapro , I have had an EXTREMELY delayed orgasm , or no orgasm at all .
17,null,null,It is really frustrating .
18,null,null,My doctor suggested switching medicine , but
19,null,null,since Lexapro is working so well for me as far as anxiety goes , I said I would rather not .
20,null,null,I can not lower my dose because I am on the starting dose for both Wellbutrin and Lexapro .
21,null,null,He said I could switch to Effexor or another SSRI medicine , but
22,null,null,I may have the same sexual dysfunction .
23,null,null,I was just wondering if anyone here has had a successful combination of Wellbutrin plus an anxiety medication that did not cause such extreme sexual dysfunction .
154 9
 (0, 0),
1,null,null," You have to give your life meaning , " they say .
2,null,null,How exactly am I supposed to give my life meaning when life is basic structure ?
3,null,null,is forcing me to live in such a stressful manner
4,null,null,We are all going in the same direction to an eternity of work and labor .
5,null,null,I want to give my life meaning , but
6,null,null,I am too busy trying to survive in this stupid system .
7,null,null,People try their hardest so they can barely get by , and ?
8,null,null,for what
9,null,null,So we can wake up the next day , right where we started ?
155 33
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I wish you knew that .. I feel alone .
2,null,null,I feel like I have no purpose .
3,null,null,Nobody understands me .
4,null,null,Nobody understands how much hurt I go through .
5,null,null,How it feels to feel like this .
6,null,null,To have two faces .
7,null,null,To make is seem like I am happy when I feel like ending it all .
8,null,null,But I am not that good at hiding it anymore .
9,null,null,If only you knew .
10,null,null,If only you knew how I feel .
11,null,null,If you knew how I cry every time I am alone .
12,null,null,How I cry myself to sleep some nights .
13,null,null,How it feels to feel like you have no one .
14,null,null,Like no one cares about you .
15,null,null,Like no one is there for you .
16,null,null,Do you know now why I do not smile anymore ?
17,null,null,Why I have a bad tone ?
18,null,null,Why I always seem tired ?
19,null,null,Upset ?
20,null,null,Why I always want to be by myself ?
21,null,null,Why I do not want to go out ?
22,null,null,I wish you knew .
23,null,null,I wish I could talk to you .
24,null,null,I wish I was not so scared to talk to you .
25,null,null,I wish I could tell anyone about my sadness .
26,null,null,About the thoughts I have .
27,null,null,About how many times I have thought about killing myself .
28,null,null,About why I feel this way .
29,null,null,I wish you would be there for me .
30,null,null,I wish you would let me know that there is hope .
31,null,null,That there are people who love me .
32,null,null,That I can live .
33,null,null,That I can be happy too .
156 27
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Intrusive Thoughts
2,null,null,I feel like I am standing on a grassy hill and the blades of grass
3,null,null,is blowing in the wind around me
4,null,null,, the sky is turning darker and darker .
5,null,null,I can feel it becoming colder and
6,null,null,the rain starts .
7,null,null,When it rains it pours .
8,null,null,The intrusive thoughts , the little will I have left to keep myself upright , the wind makes one big push and
9,null,null,I fall .
10,null,null,I fall hard .
11,null,null,The wind is keeping me pushed down as I lay flat on my back and watch the storm go by , its cold , dark and rainy .
12,null,null,People close to me are pushed out and
13,null,null,a large glass cup is placed over me .
14,null,null,They can not see I am struggling and
15,null,null,if they do they can not get in .
16,null,null,How long is the storm going to stay this time ?
17,null,null,I am not sure .
18,null,null,The sad thoughts are like my safety blanket .
19,null,null,Whenever things feel okay the thoughts come over and hug me tight .
20,null,null,I am constantly depressed .
21,null,null,When I laugh or smile , it is like putting a band aid over a small cut .
22,null,null,It feels better and but .
23,null,null,it can start healing ,
24,null,null,when I feel sad its like the band aids rip off and I am faced with the hurt all over again
25,null,null,The mask I put on , the adhesive falls right off when it no longer needs to be on .
26,null,null,I am falling apart yet
27,null,null,I am hanging on by a thread .
157 9
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Why did I get drunk as fuck the night before my midterm ?
2,null,null,Is it because I am depressed and I do not give a fuck about school ?
3,null,null,Is it becasue
4,null,null,I am using my depression to rationalize not having to study bc
5,null,null,i m a lazy fuck ?
6,null,null,but of course that s a symptom of depression .
7,null,null,i just do not know anymore because sometimes i wonder if i am exaggerating my depression to get myself out of responsibilities , fuck man .
8,null,null,wish me luck tomorrow
9,null,null,i ugess
158 11
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Do you ever feel extrem dizziness and vertigo ?
2,null,null,Hello , I have been struggling with depression for some years now .
3,null,null,The last year was by far the worst and the first month of 2018 was even worse .
4,null,null,The last two days I felt extrem dizziness and vertigo
5,null,null,and I wonder if this could be because of my depression and I am also super stressed at the moment .
6,null,null,I have to get stuff done
7,null,null,but I can barly move without feeling the need to puke .
8,null,null,When I lay down it gets even worse .
9,null,null,Did anyone of you ever experience something like this ?
10,null,null,i already tried the usual stuff like drinking more water , eat something with sugar etc .
11,null,null,My blood presure seems fine aswell .
159 195
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,My Story -
2,null,null,There is hope .
3,null,null,*
4,null,null,*
5,null,null,TRIGGER WARNING - includes graphic language .
6,null,null,*
7,null,null,*
8,null,null,Hi there , first time posting .
9,null,null,I see a lot of posts from high school / college aged people , and
10,null,null,being through that myself
11,null,null,, all I want to do is reach out and hug them and tell them how special they are .
12,null,null,Instead of writing all the typical stuff
13,null,null," you are so young , " " you will grow out of it , " " go see a therapist / take medication , "
14,null,null,etc .
15,null,null,, I thought I would share how depression affected me mentally & amp ; emotionally and .
16,null,null,my journey through college
17,null,null,I got to the point where depression was life threatening , and
18,null,null,I had given up all hope .
19,null,null,I was lucky because my mom ( and my dad ) were 100 % committed to my recovery , even if it meant I deeply hated and resented them at the time .
20,null,null,I realize not everyone has that , but
21,null,null,in sharing my story , I hope that maybe certain aspects can resonate with people going through the same thing I did and help them not feel so alone .
22,null,null,*
23,null,null,*
24,null,null,How Depression
25,null,null,Affected Me**\- trigger warning It finds a way to connect to memories .
26,null,null,To healthy feelings .
27,null,null,And twist them into something dark .
28,null,null,It craves uncertainty and pain and .
29,null,null,tells you that you deserve only that
30,null,null,It makes you seek out the deepest crevices of your mind and get lost .
31,null,null,To the point where you do not even know what is you and what is the sickness anymore .
32,null,null,It almost feels good to indulge because it is so familiar .
33,null,null,We are taught that enduring pain is somehow one of the most beautiful things a person can do .
34,null,null,But what if that pain is not real ?
35,null,null,In college , I was so afraid of being alone that I would not want guys to leave my room .
36,null,null,And there were a fair amount of them .
37,null,null,I would beg them to stay longer and tell them I had separation anxiety .
38,null,null,As long as I was focusing on them , I did not have to focus on me .
39,null,null,I justified it by saying that I was ' enjoying ' my college experience and ' exploring ' my sexuality .
40,null,null,I thought it was normal to not see color , to not ever be excited , to want to drink until my body was as numb as my mind .
41,null,null,I wondered how other people could live life with relative stability and thought I was weak for not knowing what they knew .
42,null,null,To me , it seemed like common knowledge that life was pointless and ultimately a waste of time .
43,null,null,I did not understand why I was the only one that could not cope with that fact .
44,null,null,When I was home over a break , I told my mom that I had accepted I would never be happy .
45,null,null,When my mom said she was hurt by that , it did not even occur to me why .
46,null,null,I thought I had learned the secret that everyone else knew , the secret that let them go to class or work or see friends or make friends .
47,null,null,Even though by the end of my freshman year , I was cutting myself and promiscuous and
48,null,null,drank with the purpose of blacking out
49,null,null,so I could have even just an hour of relief from myself
50,null,null,, I could not admit that I had depression .
51,null,null,I thought I felt and acted like that because I was lazy , stupid , slutty , weak .
52,null,null,Every semester , my grades slipped a little ( or a lot ) at a time , and
53,null,null,my parents grew more and more disappointed in me .
54,null,null,I had been a star student in elementary school , frequently getting the highest scores in class and got into every top middle & amp ; high school .
55,null,null,I felt like such a failure .
56,null,null,At this point , my parents sent me to a very expensive therapist , which ultimately was a waste of money
57,null,null,because all I did was bend the truth to hide every aspect of myself and life .
58,null,null,I do not think I could have even been honest even if I wanted to at this point .
59,null,null,The first semester of my junior year , these thoughts grew too heavy .
60,null,null,I did not want to be there anymore .
61,null,null,I wanted to be nowhere , not awake , not asleep , not alive , not dead .
62,null,null,I spent my time with people that encouraged all my doubts , and
63,null,null,I pushed away people that cared .
64,null,null,I rarely went to class and
65,null,null,even if I did , I scraped by on the assignments .
66,null,null,I lived for the moments of escape when I could go to parties and drink and hook up with guys , no matter how repelled I was by them .
67,null,null,Outside of those few hours of escape , I could not sleep .
68,null,null,I never went to the cafeteria with friends or even to get a real meal .
69,null,null,I only ate Lean Cuisines that my parents had bought me at the beginning of the year .
70,null,null,When I ran out , I ate solely Pizza Rolls and peanut M&amp;Ms .
71,null,null,I did not do laundry once in those few months and .
72,null,null,barely took showers
73,null,null,The only time I put any effort into my personal appearance was when I went to a party because all I wanted was to be perceived as " carefree " and " sexy , " not the lazy slob that I thought I was .
74,null,null,Even then , I wore wildly inappropriate clothing compared to what everyone else at my college wore - one time a girl yelled out to me , " You are going to get raped ! "
75,null,null,Another said judgmentally to a friend , " She is not wearing pants .
76,null,null," ( I was wearing sequined booty shorts , okay ) .
77,null,null,My only happy moments that semester were with a boy that then tried to sexually assault me with a visiting alumnus .
78,null,null,His excuse was that he wanted to get into the alumnus ' frat by impressing that brother .
79,null,null,When he tried to apologize the next morning , I told him he should not apologize .
80,null,null,I was so disconnected from my body , I did not even view it as mine anymore .
81,null,null,After that , I did not blame him and .
82,null,null,still spent most of my ' free ' time with him
83,null,null,( Free meaning when I was not laying on my bed trying to gather enough strength to even leave my room , going to a party or the rare occasion
84,null,null,I went to class or . )
85,null,null,very very rarely attended a sorority event
86,null,null,My last night at that school , my theory that I had borderline personality disorder was weighing on me .
87,null,null,I had been thinking about it for a couple of weeks after I had finally figured out that my behavior and thoughts were not the typical college experience , thanks to my extremely honest roommate & amp ; sorority sister .
88,null,null,She told me that other girls in the sorority thought I was trying to " fuck with their guy friends " and slept with too many people .
89,null,null,I tried to go to the student health center earlier that day .
90,null,null,When I stated , " I think I have borderline personality disorder , " they just said , " What do you want us to do ? "
91,null,null,The only action they were equipped to take was to call the on - duty counselor who had to drive 40 minutes to get to campus .
92,null,null,When I told her about my self harm and drinking and promiscuity
93,null,null,she replied , " How does that make you different than any other student ?
94,null,null," This further cemented my past notion that I was just weak : the numbness and loneliness - the desire to feel anything at all - was normal , and
95,null,null,I just had a huge character flaw by not having the strength to be ' normal . '
96,null,null,That night I got wasted and .
97,null,null,tried to swallow a whole bottle of caffeine pills at my friend
98,null,null,is house
99,null,null,My intention was to induce a heart attack .
100,null,null,He was one of the only people that I knew , but
101,null,null,understood what I was feeling
102,null,null,I never got a chance to tell him how close to the edge I was since his freshman girlfriend and two of her friends were with him that night .
103,null,null,Not that it was his responsibility , but
104,null,null,I just wanted confirmation that something was not right with me .
105,null,null,While I was at his house , I tried to stay true to my ' carefree , ' ' fun ' person that I tried so hard portray while his girlfriend and her friends complimented my shirt and hair .
106,null,null,It made me feel like such a fraud .
107,null,null,Towards the end of the night , after I had swallowed those pills , my friend tried to get me to throw them up and then drove me to my dorm where I could not even find my room .
108,null,null,I stumbled around and .
109,null,null,ran into the RA that had just gotten out of the shower and clung to him
110,null,null,I was scared and confused and .
111,null,null,felt so alone
112,null,null,I eventually got to my room and .
113,null,null,started cutting my already scarred wrist with baby scissors
114,null,null,I tried to cut into my femoral artery with those scissors as well , which was entirely unsuccessful .
115,null,null,I settled for cutting my knee .
116,null,null,At that moment , campus safety knocked on the door .
117,null,null,I kept calm when they asked their usual questions , " Have you been drinking tonight ? , " etc .
118,null,null,, until they asked me to show them my wrists .
119,null,null,That is when I panicked .
120,null,null,Started screaming and crying uncontrollably .
121,null,null,They escorted me to their office .
122,null,null,I later learned one of the officers asked my roommate if I slept around .
123,null,null,While I was incoherently yelling , an officer handed me a phone .
124,null,null,It was my mom , and
125,null,null,I cried that a death of a young man I knew in high school was my fault , and that I could have done something .
126,null,null,( Background :
127,null,null,His death was not my fault in any conceivable way .
128,null,null,He OD'ed .
129,null,null,I barely knew him & amp ; .
130,null,null,did not even know he was an addict , but I had a huge crush on him at the time and never acted on it
131,null,null,Through my warped logic , if I had been braver and talked to him , I could have isaved ' him . )
132,null,null,The next day she was at my school ready to pick me up .
133,null,null,She had flown on the next available flight to get to me .
134,null,null,When I returned home , I went through months of therapy and psychiatry and yoga and meditation .
135,null,null,all arranged all by my mom
136,null,null,In the beginning , I was okay .
137,null,null,Broken down and exhausted but seemingly on the mend .
138,null,null,On some level , I was relieved that I had finally been diagnosed with something ( went from depression to bipolar II to a depressive mood disorder ) .
139,null,null,I worked really hard with my therapist to understand my guilt , disgust and trauma , which ironically had been entirely driven by ways I tried to cope with my depression .
140,null,null,However , fully expecting to go back to college for the next semester , I was informed that I was not allowed to return yet .
141,null,null,When I chose to leave in the middle of the semester , the dean did not share the information that they had never let a student return from health leave until after six months of treatment .
142,null,null,I had withdrawn from all my classes and thinking that I would be returning shortly and only a semester behind .
143,null,null,sacrificed a semester
144,null,null,is worth of my parents money
145,null,null,After that initial blow , my parents eventually gave me more freedom , I met and .
146,null,null,got involved with a guy that got me more into substances
147,null,null,He was going through issues of his own , which is why I connected with him .
148,null,null,One morning , my parents tried to wake me up but .
149,null,null,could not
150,null,null,No need to go into further detail , but
151,null,null,it was one step forward and two steps back ( I no longer wanted to be ' nowhere ' but was now using .. alcohol .. frequently ) .
152,null,null,Despite alcohol being one of my main coping mechanisms , I was fortunate not to develop any dependencies or addictions .
153,null,null,A handful of months later , after my parents had taken away my phone and forced me to be supervised by them every night , I was accepted into a local university .
154,null,null,I had also found a new therapist and psychiatrist .
155,null,null,Their words stuck to me : 1 ) " Depression sucks and it most likely will be with you forever but there are ways of treating it . " and
156,null,null,2 )
157,null,null," You get to a point in your recovery where you can not blame your depression anymore .
158,null,null,You just have to stand up and do your homework
159,null,null,/ go to your job
160,null,null,/ go to class .
161,null,null," I was also lucky enough to have a couple professors that understood on a basic level what I was going through .
162,null,null,One told me to show up to class no matter how miserable I was .
163,null,null,I did not bother to explain that depression was not about being miserable , but
164,null,null,from there on out
165,null,null,I did everything within my emotional power to go to class , .
166,null,null,even if I had drank before ( that happened a couple times ) or did not participate ( happened almost every time )
167,null,null,I ended up getting a C or D in the class , but
168,null,null,I take that as a win since I easily could have failed .
169,null,null,Another professor asked student services to reach out to me after I had not shown up to class a couple weeks in a row .
170,null,null,I learned there will be a lot of people that do not get it and do not want to get it , but .
171,null,null,the one or two that do make all the difference in the world
172,null,null,Throughout my time at the new university , there were a lot of ups ( meeting a close friend and actually making personal connections with people , excelling at the courses in my major ) and downs ( failing multiple classes and having to proactively withdraw due to ispecial circumstances , ' finishing an entire bottle of wine in an hour , crying and writing gibberish about how guilty I felt then inviting some random 30 year old I had met on Tinder over to my dorm room ) , but
173,null,null,slowly I was piecing it together .
174,null,null,I eventually got an on - campus job , then a full time internship then a full - time job .
175,null,null,While I am not perfect these days , I have been at a job I never would have dreamed of for the past two and half years and .
176,null,null,have gotten a promotion
177,null,null,Still , sometimes when the depression gets the best of me , I think that is who I really am .
178,null,null,This broken , beaten down person that is ashamed of basically her entire young adulthood .
179,null,null,I fear that I do not want anything of substance .
180,null,null,That I can not find anything of substance .
181,null,null,That I do not even know what I want .
182,null,null,No path .
183,null,null,No passion .
184,null,null,When it gets that bad , it takes every ounce of strength I have to fight it .
185,null,null,Even on good days , I can feel like it is in the back my mind .
186,null,null,I am terrified that it will come back , and I will not be able to control it .
187,null,null,I will give in to the thoughts that say I am not good enough .
188,null,null,You will never be good enough .
189,null,null,Everything you have dared to want will slip through your fingers , and you will not even know .
190,null,null,All I do is think about how far I have come from that girl who swallowed a dozen caffeine pills .
191,null,null,That girl who thought she would never be happy .
192,null,null,And it gives me just enough strength to deny those feelings and smile .
193,null,null,I hope this was not too personal , but
194,null,null,I wanted to be as raw and honest as possible .
195,null,null,Thanks .
160 12
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Lost and Alone Hi , I am 19 and
2,null,null,I am at my low point .
3,null,null,Up until last year my life was pretty good , but
4,null,null,now everything has fallen apart and I have no clue where to start picking up the pieces ..
5,null,null,I will keep it short , but
6,null,null,I found out my parents were getting divorced when I came home from college on spring break .
7,null,null,I do not have a lot of friends and no close friends to confide in .
8,null,null,The only people I do talk to are leaving for college soon ( I am staying home now ) and the only thing I had left was my girlfriend who cheated on me .
9,null,null,I know I am young
10,null,null,and I will grow from this
11,null,null,but I am lost
12,null,null,and I do not know what to do ..
161 14
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I wanted to kill myself tonight .
2,null,null,I am not sure if this is the right sub for this , but
3,null,null,I have had a very rough few weeks with finding myself jobless , financially struggling and fighting with my boyfriend that I decided to write this little note in my phone .
4,null,null,( The ending is supposed to sound funny , it was the only thing that made me laugh and give me that final push thought of pulling myself out of this horrible hole I was in tonight )
5,null,null,Tonight , under a drunken wine induced depression , followed by the realization that someone I trust had betrayed it and lack of anti depressants , i seriously considered slitting my wrists in the bathroom .
6,null,null,While sobbing with my hands in my face , trying to figure out who would take care of my son and my unpaid debt , I looked up to see my cat staring at me .
7,null,null,She has this stern , mothering expression in her eyes , and
8,null,null,we locked eyes for the longest time .
9,null,null,She kept my gaze until my sobbing was under control
10,null,null,and I really thought about my actions .
11,null,null,Maybe she just wanted wet food .
12,null,null,I am really bad at remembering to take my meds , and usually the day or two where I forget does not have this effect on me , but for the pile of emotional shit dealt to me the last week or so , apparently it did .
13,null,null,I have not felt suicidal in years
14,null,null,and I just need someone to understand where I am coming from .
162 11
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I do not know what to do anymore .
2,null,null,I have been with my boyfriend for almost 10 years , since we were 16 .
3,null,null,Things have generally been awesome , but
4,null,null,the past couple of years has just consisted of a giant blow - out argument once every few weeks , generally stupid shit ( me complaining of not spending enough time together , him not contributing to chores , him complaining of not enough sex )
5,null,null,I do not know how to talk to him about our problems without him getting angry and breaking objects and
6,null,null,me getting insanely sad and just not being able to communicate as my brain just goes "
7,null,null,YOU'RE USELESS !
8,null,null,WHY HASNT HE LEFT YOU
9,null,null,YET , USELESS FUCKING CUNT " .
10,null,null,I just need someone to talk to or something .
11,null,null,i dunno
163 85
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,All I am on this earth for is to die .
2,null,null,What is so great about living .
3,null,null,Everyone is going to die eventually .
4,null,null,Why wait ?
5,null,null,Just get it over with .
6,null,null,If god is so fucking great then why does he put humans on the earth that feel lost , sad , lonely , depressed , and worthless ?
7,null,null,Why do we all feel this way if god is wonderful ?
8,null,null,FUCK GOD !
9,null,null,We are all in this world to eventually die .
10,null,null,I want out .
11,null,null,I hate the world
12,null,null,, i hate myself , i hate the sun
13,null,null,, i hate the moon , i hate everyone
14,null,null,i know
15,null,null,, i hate hating , but
16,null,null,worst of all i hate love .
17,null,null,when i love someone why do not they love me back ?
18,null,null,when i trust someone why must they lie to me ?
19,null,null,WHY ? ! ?
20,null,null,!
21,null,null,? !
22,null,null,Why is the world the way it is ?
23,null,null,why am i the way i am ?
24,null,null,Why are there so many worthless , hopeless , depressed people in the world that they have to make web sites ? ?
25,null,null,Why is this the only way and ?
26,null,null,the only time i can ever share my feeling
27,null,null,Why am i depressed ?
28,null,null,Do you want to know ? ..
29,null,null,because i got raped and .
30,null,null,abused for 8 years
31,null,null,because i had my childhood taken away from me by a person that i trusted my life with , by the person that i called my father .
32,null,null,My step dad raped me for 8 years , since i was 8 years old until a few months ago .
33,null,null,Why did not i tell anyone ?
34,null,null,why could not i speak up ? ..
35,null,null,because he told me they would not believe me , it would ruin the family .
36,null,null,my mom would hate me .
37,null,null,well he was right about one thing it did ruin the family , but
38,null,null,they did believe me and
39,null,null,my mom still loves me .
40,null,null,it ruined the family for a better cause .
41,null,null,i do not ever have to see or talk to my step dad ever again .
42,null,null,so why do i still feel this way ? .
43,null,null,.. because my mom still loves him , she is torn between us
44,null,null,and she never really took my side and .
45,null,null,helped me through this
46,null,null,For 8 years of my life i had to pretend to be happy and normal .
47,null,null,i had to push everything in the back off my mind and cry every night .
48,null,null,i had to wonder why he was doing this to me
49,null,null,, i thought he loved me .
50,null,null,He had been my father since i was 2 .
51,null,null,how could he betray me like this and .
52,null,null,hurt me
53,null,null,how could he take away my childhood .
54,null,null,from that i learned that in the end everything will be bad and nothing is ever what it seems .
55,null,null,I had to grow up so fast , i had to realize how the world really was .
56,null,null,i had to lie and keep secrets .
57,null,null,I learned to hide everything even myself , even my soul .
58,null,null,It took me 8 years of pain and suffering .
59,null,null,of growing , thinking and knowing .
60,null,null,of wishing , hoping and dreaming .
61,null,null,to finally speak up .
62,null,null,To finally show myself .
63,null,null,to make my soul vulnerable .
64,null,null,To cry a million tears that i could never cry before .
65,null,null,but now that i can be me and show myself , i do not like myself .
66,null,null,All the pain and .
67,null,null,misery
68,null,null,the secrets and .
69,null,null,lies
70,null,null,the memories and .
71,null,null,nightmares
72,null,null,this all was building up inside of me for 8 years .
73,null,null,Now its showing and I am a bitter and sad person .
74,null,null,I was on the verge of exploding and
75,null,null,now its taking me along time to get all this build up out of me .
76,null,null,I have never really discovered who i really am .
77,null,null,I pretended for 8 years and
78,null,null,now all the hurt and bitterness is showing .
79,null,null,When and if that is all gone what will i really be like ?
80,null,null,i can not even picture myself being happy or excited .
81,null,null,I can not picture my self in color when everything around me including me is gray and bleak .
82,null,null,Will anyone ever love me ?
83,null,null,I try to love people
84,null,null,but they always hurt me
85,null,null,and i know that it will always be that way ..
164 8
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Once again I took the strength and and
2,null,null,tried to apply to a job
3,null,null,the boss asked my parents(he know them ) on phone why i am acting the way i am acting
4,null,null,and
5,null,null,*
6,null,null,Is he retarded ?
7,null,null,*
8,null,null,He does not know what my problems are cuz he would not need me if he would know it .
165 16
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,You are all such beautiful people .
2,null,null,Flood my inbox with your life experiences .
3,null,null,Your random daily thoughts .
4,null,null,The things you want to say but hold inside .
5,null,null,Your favorite song at the moment .
6,null,null,Your favorite song from when you were a kid .
7,null,null,What you used to do .
8,null,null,What you struggle with .
9,null,null,A meme that made you chuckle .
10,null,null,Anything .
11,null,null,Businesses help each other every day .
12,null,null,Why can not we ?
13,null,null,I have been feeling more alone than I have ever been .
14,null,null,Let is Skype .
15,null,null,Let is text .
16,null,null,Let is not be so dogdamn alone anymore .
166 23
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I always feel like I will never achieve my dreams
2,null,null,and I am a failure .
3,null,null,I have a big dream where I want to help people in those poor countries and volunteer in charity works .
4,null,null,The issue that really concern me at the moment is child labor .
5,null,null,I hate to see children working to earn money and live in poverty when they are supposed to learn and enjoy their childhood .
6,null,null,Another dream of mine is to pursue in the post graduate program after finish my degree .
7,null,null,That is very difficult for me as I need a good GPA to get the financial loan .
8,null,null,I think I did nt do well in my study at the moment .
9,null,null,I do nt think I am able to continue my study in master program .
10,null,null,I always hate myself because I feel like I lack a lot of thing .
11,null,null,I have a social anxiety where I love being alone
12,null,null,, I feel nervous when talking with someone else .
13,null,null,I avoided my highschool friends because I think I ca nt fit well .
14,null,null,I am afraid to talk in front of the crowd , I am not able to express myself well .
15,null,null,I hate that I am incapable to defend myself sometimes .
16,null,null,I feel self loathing .
17,null,null,I wake up every morning feeling the same thing , .
18,null,null,feel I will never accomplish anything
19,null,null,I see some of my friends are married , have their own cars and good jobs .
20,null,null,I am stuck here and doing nothing .
21,null,null,I ca nt be pretty like them
22,null,null,and I do nt have money .
23,null,null,That is it my life .
167 17
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am 17 years old
2,null,null,I live in the metro Detroit area
3,null,null,and I have had depression for the past 5 years , my parents refuse to admit I have a problem , at one point I used to cut myself and
4,null,null,at another point I was rushed to the ER to get my stomach pumped from trying to over dose .
5,null,null,Basically I joined this forum
6,null,null,so I can realize for myself I am not the only one with problems .
7,null,null,My depression has gotten a lot better over the years as certain situations got better too ; I have a loving boyfriend whom I have been with for 14 months now , which I am extremely sure that he has helped me .
8,null,null,Next year , well in the fall I will be moving away to college , which I actually think will be a good thing for me .
9,null,null,I am also a cheerleader at my school , which does not help with my depression I am constantly under pressure about that .
10,null,null,I am also a dancer , my parents have this thing where they like to find every little thing I do wrong .
11,null,null,It seems as if nothing I do is good enough or right .
12,null,null,Which has lead to my wanting to be alone and not eating .
13,null,null,With the stress of dance and cheerleading and my parents constantly telling me I am fat has lead me to only eat once or twice every other day .
14,null,null,I know it is not healthy
15,null,null,and I know it is not good ,
16,null,null,but I personally think its better then cutting and better then trying to overdose on pain killers and every other pill in the house .
17,null,null,Thanks for listening .
168 42
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I know life is not easy
2,null,null,but I never knew it would be this hard ..
3,null,null,I feel empty and numb , but ..
4,null,null,at the same time so sad and hurt
5,null,null,My biggest struggle is with my family , the only person that is there for me is my Step Dad ..
6,null,null,No one else seems to get it ?
7,null,null,My mum is always telling me to not keep secrets and that I should tell her how I feel coz if she does not know everything how can she help me ?
8,null,null,But I do not want to have to tell her everything
9,null,null,( Because she says hurtful things back at me once I tell her
10,null,null,and she will not even hug me )
11,null,null,but if I do not tell her she makes me feel so bad
12,null,null,and so I do tell her how I feel
13,null,null,and then she shoots me down !
14,null,null,She tells me to snap out of it and just get on with it and to stop being so stupid .. every time I talk to my mum
15,null,null,I cry coz
16,null,null,she hurts me so much !
17,null,null,And then she gets all down coz
18,null,null,she makes me down which makes me down ! !
19,null,null,I JUST CAN'T WIN !
20,null,null,These days I only have to say something like "
21,null,null,oh that sucks ,
22,null,null,no milk "
23,null,null,and she tells me to get over it or get lost !
24,null,null,And all I did was say something .
25,null,null,I can not even really explain it ?
26,null,null,It is like she will not be happy until she hears what she wants to hear ..
27,null,null,I have tried talking to her about the way she makes me feel and
28,null,null,all I get is " that is just life "
29,null,null,or she starts telling me how she buys me things and that I should feel like this coz she has brought me things and let me use her car , etc , etc ..
30,null,null,The other day I was haven a really bad day and
31,null,null,I asked mum for a hug and all she could say is "
32,null,null,No ..
33,null,null," she says she does not want to feed my sadness BUT instead of doing happy things she just tells me to get over it !
34,null,null,And she will not listen when I say stop ..
35,null,null,She even told me to pack my bags and leave once if I did not get over whatever it was I was going through !
36,null,null,If I did not have my step dad
37,null,null,I would not be here today ..
38,null,null,I love him more than the world and
39,null,null,he is the only one that shows me that he loves me ..
40,null,null,I just need help ..
41,null,null,I do not want to be like this
42,null,null,but then there are days when I love to feel sad and hurt .
169 22
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Ever get to that point where you do not care anymore I am 18(F )
2,null,null,and I live with my partner and his family 18 , my parents have been kicking me out since I was about 14 , but
3,null,null,my mum kicked me out a few days after New Years and told me she did not want me
4,null,null,and I was better off dead ..
5,null,null,I was a carer for my mum
6,null,null,I look after her .
7,null,null,I have been placed on antidepressants that they have been trying to place me on for years but
8,null,null,could not because of my age
9,null,null,and I have not spoken to my mum in almost a month
10,null,null,but she phoned me last night
11,null,null,and I thought it was to sort it
12,null,null,but it was not she was phoning to tell me that I am to pick up my stuff
13,null,null,otherwise it is going to charity ..
14,null,null,everyone says it is better I do not stay with her anymore
15,null,null,but I do not know part of me wants to no matter what pain
16,null,null,my family cause me .
17,null,null,Is it because I love them or because I do not know any different .
18,null,null,I feel like I am running out of options to stay a live ..
19,null,null,I do not know what to do anymore ..
20,null,null,I give up
21,null,null,and I do not know what to say or do anymore
22,null,null,.. maybe this is how it is meant to end ..
170 34
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I do not know how I am gon na do it .
2,null,null,I am 27 .
3,null,null,I lived alone , .
4,null,null,had my own stuff , my own life
5,null,null,I gave up everything to join the military .
6,null,null,I went to live with my parents again until I left for boot camp .
7,null,null,I went to boot camp .
8,null,null,I got hurt and
9,null,null,it stopped my training .
10,null,null,I was heartbroken .
11,null,null,I had to come home and move back in with my parents because I had nothing to my name .
12,null,null,Now , I am stuck with them for at least the next 3 months .
13,null,null,I have been back from boot camp since late September .
14,null,null,They want me to show them my bank account once a week .
15,null,null,They have an amount of my own money that I earn that I can spend every week .
16,null,null,I want to leave , but
17,null,null,my credit is crap and it will not allow me to get my own place just yet as most places do a credit check .
18,null,null,I am getting my own car here shortly .
19,null,null,I recently had a really bad breakup with a woman who I had spent almost 3 years of my life with .
20,null,null,I am heartbroken and .
21,null,null,absolutely lost
22,null,null,She was my world .
23,null,null,She told me I was her world .
24,null,null,She has found someone else and
25,null,null,now claims that most of what we had was fake and now she wants nothing to do with me .
26,null,null,I can not find any reason to continue with life .
27,null,null,I do not have any control over my own life .
28,null,null,My folks do not want rent , but
29,null,null,they control every aspect of the rest of my life instead and every time I walk in the house , I can feel the tension
30,null,null,and I get talked to like a child whenever I do not follow their rules .
31,null,null,The woman I had committed my life to now practically hates me .
32,null,null,I see no way out .
33,null,null,I just want it all to end .
34,null,null,Please let it end .
171 95
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Emotionally offline I should not be writing this
2,null,null,, I have three final projects due in the next couple of days
3,null,null,and I have not started on any of them .
4,null,null,But I do not have the energy to even get started ..
5,null,null,I do not know what to do .
6,null,null,It is too late to ask for extensions
7,null,null,but I do not want to fail my classes ( that mean nothing to me ) .
8,null,null,Whatever ..
9,null,null,I guess I will turn out fine because I was doing well grade - wise up to this point , but
10,null,null,it is gon na be fucking painful .
11,null,null,Over the course of the last couple of weeks , I feel as if I have gone emotionally offline .
12,null,null,I feel like a shell of myself .
13,null,null,I am not sure what happened .
14,null,null,I think the real downturn started when I was walking on campus two weeks ago and saw my ex - girlfriend of a few months with her new boyfriend , but that is definitely not the only thing that is bothering me .
15,null,null,It might have been a death - by - a - thousand - cuts situation because if I take an itinerary of what is going on in my life , there is not much there .
16,null,null,If my life had a thesis statement , it would be that I have nothing to look forward to .
17,null,null,Hardly any aspect of my life can bring me out of the apathy that I seem to be stuck in every day .
18,null,null,I do not find any of my classes enjoyable , and
19,null,null,now the thought of doing it as a career is starting to give me nightmares .
20,null,null,I have friends
21,null,null,but I do not much enjoy hanging out with them , and
22,null,null,overall
23,null,null,, any attempts to meet new people just seems to amount to nothing .
24,null,null,I have no dating life , and
25,null,null,I am still admittedly stuck on the aforementioned ex - girlfriend ( who has completely moved on ) that I dated for seven months and have been broken up for the same length .
26,null,null,All I can think about is that if she saw me today , barely able to get out of bed and go to school , I am also certain she would feel even more justified in breaking up with me .
27,null,null,I keep thinking about this new person she is dating and
28,null,null,in what ways he is likely a complete upgrade .
29,null,null,I do not even know what their situation is , I am just inventing scenarios in my head .
30,null,null,I need to stop that .
31,null,null,Fuck .
32,null,null,The only thing I have is that I am in fairly good shape and my GPA is 3.8 ( although that is certain to go down after this week , which scares the ever - living shit out of me because it feels like the only real thing I can put on my resume ) .
33,null,null,I am also fairly consistent with working out ; it is not a huge part of my life , but
34,null,null,holy shit , if I did not do it I can not imagine how depressed I would be .
35,null,null,Right now , all of the emotional energy I have for the day goes to getting myself to the gym at the least .
36,null,null,With my career , I am interested in how technology affects people and society ; like internet addiction , social media , artificial intelligence , etc .
37,null,null,That is kind of what drew me to my major in the first place , which is User Experience Design .
38,null,null,However , I do little of that ( the research side of things , which includes talking to people and learning their stories , then coming up with conclusions based on that data on how you can improve a digital service ) and more the design / development side of things ( like visual / graphic / UI design and web development , just building the fucking thing ) ,
39,null,null,which I am good with , but
40,null,null,it both stresses me out and bores the shit out of me .
41,null,null,I think it would be fulfilling to be a UX Researcher for a popular social app just because I would be able to study how people interact with it .
42,null,null,Or do that for a consultancy / agency or something , and .
43,null,null,start a blog / podcast about technology+society
44,null,null,I kind of largely detest the Silicon Valley tech utopianism that is sweeping the country , it seems to be making everyone I know ( and myself ) unhappy in really subtle ways , but
45,null,null,it is become almost a cult of sorts .
46,null,null,I could turn what I learn about user research to that .
47,null,null,But if I want to keep pursuing this path , I have to keep doing the parts that make me depressed ( design and coding ) for a significant amount of time
48,null,null,so I have just kind of lost motivation to try at all .
49,null,null,I know I should just push through , but
50,null,null,I have pushed through my whole life and honestly , I am tired of fucking pushing .
51,null,null,Everyone is telling me to keep moving forward because I show talent in it ( the design / code side of user experience )
52,null,null,and it is lucrative but fuck man
53,null,null,I can only do this for so long .
54,null,null,I would rather use my creativity on music or writing .
55,null,null,I have three internship interviews this week which is not good to have hanging over my head when I am asking all of these questions .
56,null,null,I constantly wonder if there is a better , more fulfilling , and less depressing route to the other side of all of this .
57,null,null,The social life issue is more simple , I do not even want to write about it .
58,null,null,I need to be more vulnerable to people and go outside my comfort zone , and
59,null,null,that is gon na take a ton of work no matter how you spin it .
60,null,null,The first part of this video with James Murphy of LCD Soundsystem is basically my entire life in a nutshell : .
61,null,null,Ditto on the dating life , although that might be a little more complicated .
62,null,null,I have only even felt attracted to one person since my breakup , so I guess there is more going underneath the surface there .
63,null,null,I can not imagine dating anyone in my current state , but
64,null,null,man , the ever - present loneliness really drains me .
65,null,null,Is not it ironic though ?
66,null,null,I want to go into a career where I study people all day , yet
67,null,null,I struggle to actually build and establish friendships .
68,null,null,I am like a people is introvert , it makes no sense .
69,null,null,I seem to use daydreaming and fantasizing as an escape .
70,null,null,I spend an embarrassing amount of mental time each day imagining myself as a frontman for a successful band ; I really look up to someone like Father John Misty , I feel we have similar sensibilities on a lot of things .
71,null,null,And there is just something about pouring your emotions and thoughts into an album , performing it live and connecting with people through that authenticity
72,null,null,, that really makes me regret not taking learning music seriously up until this point in my life .
73,null,null,I could really use that sort of emotional release right now .
74,null,null,Same with writing , when school is not consuming every moment of my waking day I like to read a lot , so I would like to write a book one day on something I care about .
75,null,null,I am reading what I wrote and
76,null,null,it is kind of frustrating .
77,null,null,I clearly have dreams and desires , why can not I manifest them into anything that makes me remotely proud of myself ?
78,null,null,Like am
79,null,null,I even depressed ?
80,null,null,I feel like way too many people here have it worse than me for me to complain about my depression .
81,null,null,Maybe I am just a shitty person looking for an excuse not to do anything useful with my life .
82,null,null,I am just trying to make it to Friday .
83,null,null,My favorite band is coming to my city and
84,null,null,it is the only thing I am looking forward to .
85,null,null,Its the only reason I am ignoring the thoughts of suicide ..
86,null,null,I need a break from all this bullshit .
87,null,null,I am gon na schedule a doctor .
88,null,null,is appointment today to get a blood panel done to see if anything is happening there
89,null,null,I might look into SAD because depression always seems to historically hit me around this time
90,null,null,( although this time last year was the happiest I have ever been , so
91,null,null,I am not exactly sure ) .
92,null,null,I already see a therapist weekly
93,null,null,but I might look for a new one because I am not sure if we are making any progress .
94,null,null,I am gon na try to get back into meditation if I can find any time .
95,null,null,I just want to know when it is gon na get better .
172 25
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I want give up I am 17 years old , I live in Brazil .
2,null,null,So how could I explain my history ?
3,null,null,Well , I was born in 200
4,null,null,and I never knew my real father .
5,null,null,my mother worked a lot and
6,null,null,I spent my day at school and in my grandma
7,null,null,is house with my cousins
8,null,null,what was very nice , I had a happy childhood .
9,null,null,when I was 4
10,null,null,my mom meet a guy who was very nice
11,null,null,and I had a huge connection with him , calling him of dad
12,null,null,and that is stuff
13,null,null,, so they married and I have had a little sister which I loved at the first time I saw her , everything was good .
14,null,null,Then when I was 13
15,null,null,my parents got divorce , and
16,null,null,me and my sister decided to stay with dad .
17,null,null,I met some awesome friends , the best people I ever met , but
18,null,null,we are sorting out ..
19,null,null,Now dad is getting married again , my mom is pregnant and is a risc pregnancy , she can lose the baby and her life ..
20,null,null,And I have to study for exames
21,null,null,If want to do a college ( is very hard in Brazil )
22,null,null,but I do not know what I want to do , and
23,null,null,I do not want live in Brazil anymore , but I need money to travel , even if I won a scholarship ..
24,null,null,And I have got depression for 2 years now ..
25,null,null,Is hard to keep alive for me ..
173 87
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am actually feeling a little bit like a fraud at the moment , because I have read so many different topics today and realized that there are people who have suffered far more than I have .
2,null,null,I have joined this site , to start to try and get some help for myself and to talk about the things that have caused me to feel like this over the last few years .
3,null,null,My doctor has told me that I am depressed and prescribed tablets , but
4,null,null,I refuse to believe this and have not taken them .
5,null,null,I know that this is wrong , but
6,null,null,I hate the idea of being labeled depressed .
7,null,null,Before I went to university , I was happy , adventurous , nothing could keep me down .
8,null,null,I was in a fantastic relationship , but
9,null,null,then I moved into halls , in a flat with six others , who I absolutely adored .
10,null,null,One of them in particular , who I fell in love with .
11,null,null,Little
12,null,null,did I know that he had also fallen for me in the same way , but
13,null,null,we were both so shy
14,null,null,and I was in a relationship , that neither of us did anything about it .. until we moved into a house together in our second year with 3 others .
15,null,null,This is when everything went wrong .
16,null,null,We were always close , really close in fact , and
17,null,null,I admitted to him that I kept getting urges to kiss him , hold him and never let him go .
18,null,null,He felt the same way as I did , but
19,null,null,still nothing was done by either of us .
20,null,null,Then one evening we were both out , getting drunk with friends , we found ourselves alone when we got back to the house and kissed .
21,null,null,I have never felt like I did that night since .
22,null,null,I did not care about anything around me .
23,null,null,We were the only 2 people in the world at that moment .
24,null,null,The next morning , we were both a bit bemused and , so pretended like nothing had happened .
25,null,null,did not know what to say / do
26,null,null,The end of term came and
27,null,null,we had just moved in to another house with the same people , but were all going home for the summer .
28,null,null,I was devastated knowing that we would not see each other until september .
29,null,null,I began to resent my boyfriend who I was still with and my family were going through problems because of my father .
30,null,null,When september came , I went straight onto my final teaching placement , which meant up at 530 work all day , home , eat , work and then in bed by 11 pm .
31,null,null,I was tired all the time and , but
32,null,null,did not have the energy to go out in the week
33,null,null,He was always there for me , and yes , we were still pretending like nothing had happened .
34,null,null,After the christmas of my final year , I decided to party like never before .
35,null,null,It was great , but
36,null,null,there was still the issue of him .
37,null,null,By now I had been trying to convince myself that I was still in love with my boyfriend , purely because I did not have the guts to leave him and be on my own .
38,null,null,How pathetic was that .
39,null,null,Anyway , we went out to the union for a major drinking session , danced like a couple , felt like a couple , got back to the house and one thing led to another .
40,null,null,We ended up sleeping together in his room , he initiated it .
41,null,null,It was amazing .
42,null,null,However the next day we were so confused that we did not speak for 2 days , until I told him how I really felt .
43,null,null,That I had been in love with him since my first year , but .
44,null,null,could not do anything about it , that I was going mad inside because I wanted him so much
45,null,null,He returned my feelings .
46,null,null,From then on , we were inseparable , but
47,null,null,to anyone who saw us together , we were just 2 very very close friends , who lived in each others ' pockets .
48,null,null,We were having an affair of sorts and , but
49,null,null,living a lie
50,null,null,we found comfort in each other and could not let it go .
51,null,null,I know how wrong it was , believe me
52,null,null,I do , and
53,null,null,I would be devastated if it ever happened to me .
54,null,null,We left university in the june of 2004 .
55,null,null,It was the worst time of my life .
56,null,null,I felt like I was losing part of me , and was never going to get it back .
57,null,null,Before we left and before the lie really started , I had agreed to move in with my boyfriend in leeds for his final year .
58,null,null,I did not want to do this anymore , but , so
59,null,null,was too chicken to say no
60,null,null,this went ahead and for the last year , july 04 until now , I have been living with my boyfriend .
61,null,null,Things have not been good and
62,null,null,I have still been seeing Him ( from university )
63,null,null,as often as I can .
64,null,null,The most recent one was a couple of days ago .
65,null,null,We have both joked about running away , children , marriage , but
66,null,null,neither of us has got the guts to do anything .
67,null,null,It is so wrong and .
68,null,null,has made my life so difficult , putting on a brave face for friends and family , pretending that I am happy all of the time
69,null,null,I do not think I can do it much longer .
70,null,null,One last thing , while all of this was going on in my life , my dad was causing mayhem at home .
71,null,null,I was being pushed and
72,null,null,pulled between the 2 people I thought that could get through anything
73,null,null,and that were truly in love .
74,null,null,How wrong can you be .
75,null,null,I was like a piece of meat being fought over by 2 animals .
76,null,null,They constantly bitched about each other to me , leaving me with no - one to talk to .
77,null,null,I found myself being dragged further and further down in to a pit which I can not get out of .
78,null,null,I am in love with Him , but will not leave my boyfriend for fear of being alone , I resent my father for what he has done , I resent my mother for being callous , there is no - one that I have told this to over the past 4 years , nobody who I felt that I could really trust .
79,null,null,I do not know what to do anymore .
80,null,null,I cry at the smallest thing ,
81,null,null,hate things changing at all , but most of all , I can not see the point of going on anymore .
82,null,null,I just want these feelings to end .
83,null,null,My one savior has been my work , teaching children .
84,null,null,caring for others and .
85,null,null,helping them make the most of their lives makes me feel like I am doing something worthwhile
86,null,null,I am not expecting any replies
87,null,null,, I just needed someone / thing to listen .
174 11
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,My hands will not do what I want them to .
2,null,null,I know
3,null,null,I know I have ranted about not being able to do anything artistic a thousand times now , but
4,null,null,this is different .
5,null,null,A few times I have forced myself to draw
6,null,null,I was garbage , but
7,null,null,I figured that is to be expected since I have not done it in a while .
8,null,null,However lately I have found playing video games much more difficult because I find myself pressing the wrong button almost purposely , or not reacting to something my brain processed seconds ago .
9,null,null,It is even gotten to the point where typing is difficult for me -- every other letter I find myself making a stupid typo , and its irritating .
10,null,null,It should not take every ounce of will and concentration to type a stupid reddit post , yet
11,null,null,here we are ..
175 14
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I have dealt with depression since I was about 12 years old and am now 26 .
2,null,null,I can tell that it is getting worse again and feel as if I am losing the battle .
3,null,null,I feel as if I have no where to turn .
4,null,null,My medication is not working the best
5,null,null,and I am at the max dosage .
6,null,null,I do not want to start over with another med and all the side effects .
7,null,null,I am hoping that it will get better soon .
8,null,null,I do the best I can .
9,null,null,I have a husband and 2 children .
10,null,null,My husband tries but .
11,null,null,does not really understand depression
12,null,null,We have talked about it some but .
13,null,null,does not seem to help much
14,null,null,I was hoping someone might have some advice for me .
176 21
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Does anyone else have this constant dark feeling lingering over them ?
2,null,null,Recently my mom died and
3,null,null,this dark feeling of hopelessness has been worse than ever before .
4,null,null,I do not know what to do anymore .
5,null,null,Nothing makes me happy , and
6,null,null,I do not want to die
7,null,null,but I do not want to exist either .
8,null,null,I can occasionally enjoy things , but ?
9,null,null,at the end of the day I just think to myself , " why am I still doing this
10,null,null,"
11,null,null,Everyone keeps telling me that I have to live for myself and not search for answers through others
12,null,null,but I feel like I can not help myself .
13,null,null,I feel like
14,null,null,no one around me understands what I am going through .
15,null,null,I feel like a robot at work , forcing myself to seem okay .
16,null,null,I just feel like living with this feeling inside of me .
17,null,null,is so hard , and maybe genuinely not even worth it
18,null,null,I do not even feel like taking my medicine or eating heathy or anything .
19,null,null,I just wake up , .
20,null,null,go to work , come home and sleep as much as possible
21,null,null,Sorry to rant on here , I am not sure what else to do .
177 5
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Ca not remember the last time I had a good day
2,null,null,First time poster here .
3,null,null,Just wondering if any else has the same feeling where it seems that a shitty day turned into a shitty month which turned into a shitty year .
4,null,null,Before I knew it , I could not even remember the last good day I had or
5,null,null,even the last time something went right for me .
178 16
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,No end in sight I have been depressed for so long .
2,null,null,I just feel a void , dark and empty .
3,null,null,I can feel the pain of no one loving me .
4,null,null,I have zero friends .
5,null,null,I live with toxic parents .I
6,null,null,feel like i have been in an endless loop with no end in sight to the pain I am in .
7,null,null,I hate my existence .
8,null,null,I have done therapy , yoga blah blah .
9,null,null,I still feel miserable .
10,null,null,I am so unlucky .
11,null,null,Ca not do anything right .
12,null,null,What is the point if you are not good at anything .
13,null,null,I m below average in life , .
14,null,null,no money , No job , No talent and no interest
15,null,null,I do not get it .
16,null,null,Why am I even here ?
179 8
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am new here .
2,null,null,I had been having a lot of problems with anxiety / depression and .
3,null,null,that was affecting my job a lot
4,null,null,I went out of work for a week hoping that maybe that would help .
5,null,null,I felt like I was doing ok and that the relaxing was really helping but the night before I was supposed to go back to work it all happened again .
6,null,null,So I pretty much came to the realization that I can not do it without medicines .
7,null,null,Is this normal to think you are ok and then have it happen again ? ?
8,null,null,And also , have any of you had your jobs affected by it ?
180 29
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Poem about mental illness
2,null,null,I wrote When you ask if I am okay
3,null,null,Of course I am okay .
4,null,null,I am alive , But .
5,null,null,not quite living
6,null,null,I am okay
7,null,null,but I am trapped , Watching those around me Live their lives .
8,null,null,I am okay
9,null,null,but I feel lost ,
10,null,null,Or rather I can not feel at all .
11,null,null,I am okay
12,null,null,but I am screaming As loud as I can inside my head .
13,null,null,I want to be heard But suffer in silence .
14,null,null,I am okay
15,null,null,but other is are not
16,null,null,I make them feel helpless As they watch me sway Between okay and isolation .
17,null,null,Isolation from others From myself From my passions .
18,null,null,Isolated from my own feelings
19,null,null,Sometimes there is nothing left but the dark .
20,null,null,You feel helpless ?
21,null,null,I am helpless I am drowning in the darkness .
22,null,null,I am okay
23,null,null,But I am not really here Here
24,null,null,or there I am everywhere
25,null,null,My brain can not straighten up .
26,null,null,I am okay
27,null,null,but I am not living
28,null,null,I feel trapped within myself .
29,null,null,I am not okay .
181 18
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I felt happy the other day
2,null,null,and now I am worse off
3,null,null,I went on a date the other night , my first one in a very , very long time .
4,null,null,It went surprisingly well and
5,null,null,the guy was really sweet and understanding .
6,null,null,The whole date
7,null,null,I felt the overwhelming sense of loneliness I struggle with disappear .
8,null,null,My mind was clear and
9,null,null,I was able to be quick witted , funny , and upbeat .
10,null,null,I was happy for the first time in ages .
11,null,null,Now that it is over , I feel worse off .
12,null,null,I forgot what it feels like to not be crushed by depression and all the shitty things that come with it .
13,null,null,The depression has seeped right back in and
14,null,null,it hurts more now .
15,null,null,I should be grateful
16,null,null,I was able to escape it for a moment , but .
17,null,null,fuck no
18,null,null,I almost wish I did not have to be reminded of what normal felt like .
182 41
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I would love to talk about dreams .
2,null,null,Only thing is for every dream , there can be a hundred interpretations .
3,null,null,Or so has been my experience .
4,null,null,I always say that I will keep paper and pen next to me at night , so when I have a dream I want to remember ( like last night ) ..
5,null,null,I will write it down
6,null,null,so I will not forget .
7,null,null,But I do not do this because when I wake up I think I can remember ..
8,null,null,no problem !
9,null,null,After all , a lot of these dreams are so profound that how could I possibly forget them ..
10,null,null,guess what ? ?
11,null,null,I almost always forget the words that meant so much to me in the dream .
12,null,null,I remember the subject matter , but
13,null,null,it is the words many times I want that to remember .
14,null,null,So here goes my dream from last night ( or early this morning ) ..
15,null,null,A little background first for those who do not know or remember who I am ..
16,null,null,my mother died quite suddenly from her leukemia in April 2004 .
17,null,null,We were at odds with each other at the time .
18,null,null,I started taking care of my elderly father at the time and
19,null,null,he died this past August 2005 .
20,null,null,I have been wanting to dream about my mother and feel her presence and love since she died .
21,null,null,I have only had a few dreams about her , maybe 4 ..
22,null,null,And they have all been upsetting ,
23,null,null,never " nice feeling " dreams .
24,null,null,Last night I had a dream of my mother .
25,null,null,She was pregnant and ready to deliver her baby .
26,null,null,She looked younger
27,null,null,( she was almost 82 at her death )
28,null,null,but in the dream " we " knew she was older like she was alive today .
29,null,null,She said " I am ok
30,null,null,now I am going to have a baby
31,null,null,At least I think this is what she said .
32,null,null,My dad was in my dream as was
33,null,null,my dad is cousin , who is also deceased .
34,null,null,My mother is cousin - in -
35,null,null,law was in the dream and
36,null,null,she was sobbing .
37,null,null,This same woman was crying out of control at my mother .
38,null,null,is funeral
39,null,null,We were at a hotel in Disneyland .
40,null,null,Ok everyone .
41,null,null,What does this mean ?
183 50
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Is it okay to be tired of pretending everything
2,null,null,is okay to spark optimism ?
3,null,null,So I have alot going on in my life -- too much for me to want to spend five hours writing about it for this post .
4,null,null,What is bothering me is that lately , things have been weighing down HARD .
5,null,null,My patience is paper thin from years of abuse
6,null,null,and I feel like in these last few months , I am receding into myself because I do not have patience for even reasonable flaws in other people .
7,null,null,I am tired of being stepped on and dealing with the hand I have been dealt in life
8,null,null,( I am CLAWING my way out of poverty ALONE , caused by a narcissistic parent kicking me out and attempting to kill me at 17 -- just made 21 ) .
9,null,null,I finally told my boyfriend today , not mincing any words , that I am so fucking tired of being optimistic .
10,null,null,That I am tired of pretending anything is going to be fine because alot of the times I feel like it will not .
11,null,null," Faking it till you make it " has worked for me in the past , definitely , but being optimistic to KEEP myself from being depressing / depressed is not fucking working for me .
12,null,null,It is idiotic .
13,null,null,It is not that I think things are 100 % pointless -- I am working on a set of skills right now to get myself out of my minimum wage job to get a much better one .
14,null,null,& amp;nbsp
15,null,null,; But I am just exhausted from trying to not worry other people and not expressing how fucking done I am with everything .
16,null,null,Is this normal ?
17,null,null,Is this healthy ?
18,null,null,Like I said , not giving up .
19,null,null,I am working forward .
20,null,null,I just feel like the fake optimism is an extra step and a formality at this point and honestly complaining today
21,null,null,made me feel better , not going to lie , as I do my best to not do that because I feel like I am " pushing myself on others "
22,null,null,( my situation is so bleak that people almost never know what to say in response anyway because there is nothing close to an immediate solution ) .
23,null,null,But I feel angry and spiteful that people who have been given everything or that can recieve assistance from family telling me how I have to " perk up " because It is " what they do when things are hard "
24,null,null,when their " hard " is " I stayed up all the time in college to study and
25,null,null,it is hard " vs
26,null,null," I stay up all the time to study my new skillset AND risk my life every day on a chinese scooter that gives out at times to do deliveries in all of the elements to make a wage that is not even livable , having one or more panic attacks a day because of dangerous drivers " .
27,null,null,& amp;nbsp ; I also feel bad because my SO is always trying to be an optimist .
28,null,null,He is somehow perfected this even being depressed himself .
29,null,null,Sometimes that bleeds through
30,null,null,but he is usually hyper optimistic and
31,null,null,it is exhausting .
32,null,null,We have gotten in arguments in the past when he was less acquainted with my depression because if I was not immediately cheered up by him making jokes while I am crying to make me laugh
33,null,null,( let me work through my emotions , damn ..
34,null,null,It works sometimes but not ALL the time , seriously ) , he would get insulted and .
35,null,null,take it personally that a single joke was not enough to change my outlook on life and fix all my issues
36,null,null,I feel kind of like I got a little snippy with him when I complained earlier and kept cutting him off and telling him how hopeless I felt and telling him , emotionlessly , " I just do not care to be optimistic .
37,null,null,I do not give a fuck .
38,null,null,What is that going to do ?
39,null,null,I am already tired , it is just going to make me more tired " because I had a feeling that that was where he was going to go with it .
40,null,null,I feel bad because he is just trying to help .
41,null,null,But I am so fucking tired .
42,null,null,So tired .
43,null,null,I have a hard time doing anything if I do not think it has a point
44,null,null,( Even if I hate a job , I am still getting paid , and
45,null,null,there is therefore a point to it ) and I just did not see the point of doing all this .
46,null,null,I think I do to make him happy and worry less about me .
47,null,null,But I am so upset that I do not have the capacity right now to do more things to emotionally keep him comfortable .
48,null,null,That is stupid .
49,null,null,I feel bad , but
50,null,null,that is stupid .
184 12
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I could really use some reassurance that my life is worth living .
2,null,null,I took a chance last year and
3,null,null,despite depression I reached for a goal , which was me taking my first full - time job in the field
4,null,null,I went to college for .
5,null,null,This was supposed to be my big redeeming moment , the big change in my life .
6,null,null,But it is been a few months at my job now , and
7,null,null,things are not going super well .
8,null,null,I am facing the very real possibility of total failure .
9,null,null,If you can take the time , I could really use a message of encouragement , or .
10,null,null,if you would like to share your own story of taking a risk and failing and still being okay in the end
11,null,null,I am so upset and anxious right now .
12,null,null,Thank you in advance everyone .
185 16
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Nothing is enjoyable anymore .
2,null,null,Almost everything that I used to care for is simply starting to have no meaning .
3,null,null,I feel dead and lifeless .
4,null,null,I used to be very passionate with certain things
5,null,null,but that was usually meant with me being bashed and shunned upon people .
6,null,null,Or simply just a turn off .
7,null,null,Everyday I wake up and
8,null,null,I am angry .
9,null,null,Always wondering what the hell the point of this is .
10,null,null,Why I am here .
11,null,null,I used to be extremely suicidal in the past
12,null,null,and I am slowly falling into that dark pit again .
13,null,null,I do not know what to do .
14,null,null,It is so hard to be happy
15,null,null,and I am just ..
16,null,null,I am starting to give up .
186 23
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,My Life = Depressed Cycle HELL I have been depressed since my early teens .
2,null,null,18 now .
3,null,null,In last year of high school but my grades are horrible , I m MISERABLE at my job
4,null,null,but ca nt quit due to the pay , I completely lack a social life and girlfriend , and
5,null,null,have so little motovation
6,null,null,I feel like I will flunk out of college if I go .
7,null,null,I was going to go to talk to my psychiatrist
8,null,null,that does medication management for ADD when I went to see her the other day .
9,null,null,I literally could nt suck up the pride to tell her I was depressed and need a psychologist referal .
10,null,null,She even asked how my moods were
11,null,null,and I said they were just fine .
12,null,null,I feel weird just meeting a random psychologist and do nt know how to find a good one .
13,null,null,Being a guy
14,null,null,I have just sucked it up for the last 5 year
15,null,null,and I feel weak for needing help , and
16,null,null,even with me telling myself
17,null,null,I need help
18,null,null,I keep thinking every psychologist listing
19,null,null,i see is nt good enough and .
20,null,null,keep pushing it off like I have for a LONG time
21,null,null,My life is a MISERABLE cycle of depression that I ca nt seem to get out of .
22,null,null,I NEED help
23,null,null,but I literally do nt know how I can get myself to suck up the pride and go to a psychologist .
187 16
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Help : ruining my University course Second year student here in a UK university .
2,null,null,I hardly tried at all in the first year , , but .
3,null,null,got generally bad grades on my coursework
4,null,null,revised just enough for the exams to get a 2:1 , which is second from the best grade
5,null,null,I also had a few weeks of socialising separated by many weeks of pretty much self - imposed ( and lack of sleep imposed ) loneliness .
6,null,null,So at the time I felt terrible , but
7,null,null,looking back on it from second year
8,null,null,I had some good memories .
9,null,null,Now I am missing half the lectures , sometimes I do not even go to the shops to get food for the day and have a terrible diet , miss enormous amounts of sleep , and have not done any work at all .
10,null,null,I am already failing , and to even stand a chance of a worthy final score after the 3rd year is over .
11,null,null,even with resits I have to get a ridiculous mark on my tests this semester
12,null,null,I feel like the only thing that is gon na bring me out of the depression is the pride of getting a good grade , but I am way too pessimistic right now to believe that deep down I can even do it .
13,null,null,I am convinced that only 2 friends like me , 1 pities me , and their friends just mock me stealthily .
14,null,null,Paid for societies but .
15,null,null,do not go to any
16,null,null,Feel like a huge disappointment to my family tbh .
188 24
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Life for me is gon na fall apart and
2,null,null,it will be the end of me
3,null,null,( this is my first post and
4,null,null,I am on mobile so sorry if the formatting is off )
5,null,null,So recently my parents have been on me (
6,null,null,M 17 ) about getting a job , getting college information
7,null,null,, SAT information , getting my licence and spending more time with the family .
8,null,null,Tonight they both came at me and .
9,null,null,yelled about I was not going how to amount to anything and that I pretty much am ruining their current lives
10,null,null,They threw so much at me that it broke me
11,null,null,and I broke down in the bathroom .
12,null,null,My only remedy for all this pain is my girlfriend .
13,null,null,She is there for me no matter what and .
14,null,null,understands what I go through
15,null,null,Recently I have been slipping a little in my grades
16,null,null,( All B is and and
17,null,null,C is )
18,null,null,my parents have a very strict rule that if I do not keep good grades I will have to leave my girlfriend .
19,null,null,My problem is that if I leave her I will have nothing to help me get through hard times .
20,null,null,I am only living for her
21,null,null,and I will have no point to be around otherwise .
22,null,null,Sorry for venting
23,null,null,but I have been wanting to post here for months but .
24,null,null,never felt as if my problems have been worth it
189 10
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Today is my birthday , and
2,null,null,no one remembered .
3,null,null,I wish I could skip today
4,null,null,so I would not have to feel so terrible .
5,null,null,No one ever notices me .
6,null,null,I could never hold a candle to anyone else .
7,null,null,I am just going to go to sleep .
8,null,null,Edit :
9,null,null,I did not expect so many people to care about me and it honestly made me feel a lot better about myself today .
10,null,null,Thank you so much for all the wishes .
190 29
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Messed up right now .. .
2,null,null,not drunk or anything
3,null,null,Bt I feel like my brain has abandoned me these past few days .
4,null,null,Ca not think straight ..
5,null,null,Too disoriented .
6,null,null,What was I thinking .. ? !
7,null,null,Maybe it worked out before because we never went that far ..
8,null,null,But now .. Fate is dropping me far too many signs that this is not going to work out the way I expected it to .
9,null,null,I remember how I told Freida how I hate set - ups like that because I get attached too quickly .
10,null,null,That it is never just ..
11,null,null,never just that .
12,null,null,My stupid heart confuses intimacy for affection too many damned times .
13,null,null,No , do not freak out .
14,null,null,It is not love that I am going crazy about .
15,null,null,It is our friendship .
16,null,null,And you said we were not compromising anything .
17,null,null,I can not believe I agreed when in truth my whole brain was flashing the word " FRIENDSHIP " in font number 40 .
18,null,null,, red fill with ten thousand exclamation points
19,null,null,I can not lose you as a friend .
20,null,null,It is happened too many times to me and ..
21,null,null,No , not again .
22,null,null,Not you .
23,null,null,We have known each other for what ?
24,null,null,17 years ?
25,null,null,Losing you once was enough .
26,null,null,Damn it .
27,null,null,How stupid of me .
28,null,null,And they say sex is the quickest way to ruin a friendship .
29,null,null,Damn .
191 9
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Does everyone else just hurt all the time It is not like physical pain or soreness , it is just this overwhelming feeling of exhaustion and numbness .
2,null,null,Doing anything , from applying for jobs to walking my dog , is just so overwhelmingly exhausting and
3,null,null,it feels like running a marathon .
4,null,null,I have tried everything - exercise , diet , meditation , meds .
5,null,null,Nothing is working .
6,null,null,Exercise just makes me tired .
7,null,null,I have never gotten that rush of endorphins .
8,null,null,I do not have any hobbies that make me happy or that I can even focus on long enough to distract me .
9,null,null,Every day is a huge ordeal
192 20
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Hey Wurtle is back !
2,null,null,For the record I disagree and
3,null,null,think John Howard made an excellent choice
4,null,null,, all his decisions are excellent .
5,null,null,I can not be held responsible for the ranting of a turtle .
6,null,null,Oh and Morven he thanks you for the email and
7,null,null,will respond to it once he had stopped banging his head against the glass and going "
8,null,null,Fucking Windshuttle , fucking ABC
9,null,null,, fucking country going to the crapper " .
10,null,null,I am going to have to do something about his foul language , really it is just inappropriate .
11,null,null,This week is renter is " The Alien " ( methinks that is not her real name )
12,null,null,you should click on her site .
13,null,null,It is good .
14,null,null,Her engagement story is cute .
15,null,null,People keep getting engaged ( my cousin Bec is the latest ) and
16,null,null,I still need a boyfriend .
17,null,null,It is not fair
18,null,null,* sob
19,null,null,* .
20,null,null,You should also check out her web design site .
193 26
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Stop and .
2,null,null,think for a moment It is like stumbling around in the darkness
3,null,null,You can not see , you can only feel .
4,null,null,Blinded by the pain of reality .
5,null,null,You beg it to stop , as the throbbing in your heart grows stronger .
6,null,null,But it is not gon na stop , no matter how hard you beg .
7,null,null,Your so called ' friends ' abandon You , because your depression talk has gotten too dark .
8,null,null,But what is the worst part ?
9,null,null,That you can not control it ?
10,null,null,That you can not stop it ?
11,null,null,Maybe it is the fact that just maybe .. just maybe you do not want It to stop .
12,null,null,You cling onto your pain , because after all .. it is familiar .
13,null,null,It is been with you for a while .
14,null,null,You stand upon the dark edge , upon the highest edge you could find .
15,null,null,You feel the wind blow in your face .
16,null,null,You freeze .
17,null,null,All the good moments , All the good people .
18,null,null,It all comes in floods of part nostalgy and part regret .
19,null,null,What took you to this edge ?
20,null,null,What made you so desperate , To take such drastic action ?
21,null,null,While the pain is temporary , This thing you are about to do -
22,null,null,It is permanent .
23,null,null,Stop and .
24,null,null,think for a moment
25,null,null,Because no matter how long a storm lasts , You still enjoy the rain ..
26,null,null,You still love the sound of thunder .
194 45
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I just feel awful all the time I feel like i m suffocating all the time .
2,null,null,Sometimes idk if i really have depression because i do nt think i m like guilty of anything i just feel so tired
3,null,null,and i do nt want to do anything
4,null,null,, i get easily irritated and i hate everything , sometimes i get so overwhelmed
5,null,null,i do nt know
6,null,null,i feel like i m drowning ,
7,null,null,i know
8,null,null,i supress my emotions
9,null,null,i know
10,null,null,i do
11,null,null,but i can not express myself anywhere
12,null,null,and i have no one to express myself to
13,null,null,, i feel bad for telling my friend
14,null,null,whenever i feel bad because she has it worse
15,null,null,and she does nt really know what else to say .
16,null,null,I feel exhausted all the time .
17,null,null,I face animosity at home and at my dorm
18,null,null,i feel trapped and
19,null,null,i just want to give up on everything .
20,null,null,Sometimes i wish my bus gets crashed into , sometimes i feel like flinging myself across the street , sometimes i feel like screaming
21,null,null,and sometimes i feel like sitting and not do anything , i hate school
22,null,null,, i hate my house , my family hates me
23,null,null,my mom suffocates me
24,null,null,, i hate everything , i feel numb towards everything
25,null,null,but then i want to cry all the time , sometimes i just want to lie in bed and waste away
26,null,null,but i can not i have to go to school
27,null,null,, i m not
28,null,null,even sure i like my major
29,null,null,, sometimes i just feel like i should nt even be here liks
30,null,null,my existencs does nt even matter
31,null,null,so what is the point
32,null,null,i m
33,null,null,not special
34,null,null,i m
35,null,null,no one
36,null,null,i do nothing i just want to start over
37,null,null,, i can not drivw cause i m afraid ill purposefully get into a car crash to just end it .
38,null,null,I just want to be at peace
39,null,null,, my mind keeps racing and most of the time idk
40,null,null,what i m feeling
41,null,null,i just do not know .
42,null,null,I want to be saved
43,null,null,but i do nt have anyone
44,null,null,and i should save myself .
45,null,null,But idk idk
195 45
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,No one has a monopoly on suffering .
2,null,null,We keep living our lives because depression is pain and illness is suffering , but
3,null,null,both do not happen without something happening to us .
4,null,null,It is at these times that we are changing in some way ..
5,null,null,Suffering can give us greater empathy and understanding .
6,null,null,It can strip away all the other stuff .
7,null,null,So many say they will always be depressed ..
8,null,null,that may or
9,null,null,may not be the case
10,null,null,but everyone has right to live their lives .. suffering included .
11,null,null,However , there is a vast difference between simply suffering from depression and finding the courage to live with long term / cyclical depression .
12,null,null,You can , learn to live with depression .
13,null,null,It may profoundly change your life ..
14,null,null,take much away from you , but
15,null,null,you can learn to live with it .
16,null,null,Long term depression is not static .. like any illness , it changes .
17,null,null,But we know depression is different because it so cruelly takes away our hope of a brighter future .
18,null,null,But be stubborn and
19,null,null,it will change again .
20,null,null,To state in a forum like this , that you want to end it all
21,null,null,is a big responsibility to place on the shoulders of other people .
22,null,null,It hands the possibility of that personal choice on to others .. which is unfair .
23,null,null,Genuine suffering can bring more empathy and awareness of the plight of others in similar situations .
24,null,null,There are times when i feel like ending my life and the thoughts nudge at me constantly
25,null,null,but I recognize them now for what they are : the depression talking .
26,null,null,With each episode I have learnt new ways to try and tag these thoughts .
27,null,null,Ultimately .. the illness is happening to me /
28,null,null,the thoughts happen to me .
29,null,null,But I would not burden others with the knowledge of their presence .
30,null,null,It is only afterwards that i might mention that i had these constant thoughts , because to tell them in the middle of the depression .
31,null,null,would only darken their lives as much as the depression is darkening my own
32,null,null,Please think before you make threats of suicide in the chat room or forums .
33,null,null,There is an increasing number of people using this technique of gaining attention but
34,null,null,it is unfair .
35,null,null,by all means we can talk about it .. but .
36,null,null,saying : " i am going to do it
37,null,null," is simply selfish and smacks of attention seeking .
38,null,null,Such behavior is destroying the integrity of genuine sufferers of depression in the eyes of so many .
39,null,null,It is eroding the help which is so lacking for so many ..
40,null,null,and is probably the reason why the mental health hospital near me is a relic from the 60
41,null,null,is
42,null,null,and yet the cancer department is brand new and state of the art .
43,null,null,Please .. stop attention seeking and .
44,null,null,stop using " depression " as a convenient coat hanger for emotional immaturity and lack of personal responsibility
45,null,null,For so many people .. this really is a matter of life and death .
196 27
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I found out I had depression about 10 years ago .
2,null,null,But looking back I had it since i was a teen .
3,null,null,I have tried suicide about 4 times .
4,null,null,As you can see that did not work .
5,null,null,I have 2 kids
6,null,null,, one is 21 and the other is 14 .
7,null,null,I have been married for 11 years this year .
8,null,null,They know I have depression , but
9,null,null,it is my problem not theirs .
10,null,null,I wake up every morning thinking about killing my self
11,null,null,and I go to bed thinking about killing myself .
12,null,null,I sit around and .
13,null,null,cry all day
14,null,null,I do not like to leave my house , and
15,null,null,I do not unless I really have to .
16,null,null,I am overweight , 39 , and very alone in this world .
17,null,null,My family tries to stay away from me , they do not talk to me unless they have to .
18,null,null,My 14 year old is totally afraid of me
19,null,null,, I can see it in her eyes .
20,null,null,My 21 year old is bipolar , which makes him more screwed up than I am .
21,null,null,He throws me into a panic attack every time I get around him .
22,null,null,I have been on all of the medications out there , nothing seems to work for me .
23,null,null,They just make me sleep a lot .
24,null,null,I went to therapy for about 7 years .
25,null,null,That really did not work either .
26,null,null,I just started back last month .
27,null,null,I hope it helps me this time .
197 11
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I Want to Scream Until It Stops and the World
2,null,null,Makes Sense Again
3,null,null,( update )
4,null,null,A few good days had me fooled into thinking I had control over myself and my life .
5,null,null,The only thing holding back from suicide is my mother and .
6,null,null,how much killing myself would fuck her up
7,null,null,But she is in her 60
8,null,null,is and
9,null,null,as soon as she is gone , I do not see anything else holding me back from following after .
10,null,null,I just want to stop existing .
11,null,null,I just want it all to stop .
198 13
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,This may not be the right place for me to write
2,null,null,but I just had to write somewhere .
3,null,null,I have not been clinical diagnosed depressed
4,null,null,but I am not feeling " happy " right now .
5,null,null,I just can not seem to get over that my son is father , who left us 4 years ago , .
6,null,null,has a new family with a younger girl and another child on the way
7,null,null,I can not seem to get myself out to meet to new people .
8,null,null,I know that I am the really the only one that can make things better for me .
9,null,null,I do not feel connected here where I am living .
10,null,null,I feel like I am missing out on something .
11,null,null,I just do not feel wanted anymore .
12,null,null,The only thing that I am glad about right now is that my son is father is finally caught up on child support .
13,null,null,Am I crazy , depressed or just plain stupid ?
199 38
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Alright , this is a bit weird to explain , but
2,null,null,I am having a lot of trouble making this decision
3,null,null,so I am going to try and write it down .
4,null,null,If anyone has any suggestions or advice to offer I would appreciate it .
5,null,null,A while back my brother
6,null,null,and I let a stray cat in and , and
7,null,null,fed it
8,null,null,we got really attached to it .
9,null,null,It is probably the most needy animal I have ever met and will sit with people all day , .
10,null,null,loves it when you pet it , and I really like the cat
11,null,null,I was not thinking at the time , but
12,null,null,later I realized I needed to pay a pet deposit like the rest of the people in my complex ,
13,null,null,so I could keep the cat .
14,null,null,So my mother called up our landlord
15,null,null,is office
16,null,null,and they said that we could not have the cat .
17,null,null,It seems really unfair to me that everyone else is allowed animals , but for some reason we are not .
18,null,null,I do not think there is anything I can do about this
19,null,null,and it makes me really sad .
20,null,null,We did not want to get rid of the cat so bad that we decided to hide the cat away , letting it inside only at night , and living in my brother
21,null,null,is van in the day while we were looking to see if there was somewhere else we could move to .
22,null,null,The problem is , I think I would only barely have enough money to move
23,null,null,and I think it would be too risky that my family would lose our assistance if we were to go through with such a thing .
24,null,null,Not to mention that I keep my spare money around in the case of emergencies and if something bad were to happen , I would not be able to deal with it financially .
25,null,null,So the only option I know of that is left is the animal shelter
26,null,null,and I really do not want my cat to be locked up and possibly die alone in a cage .
27,null,null,I know that it is getting old and that people take younger cats from animal shelters much more often than older ones .
28,null,null,I want my cat to have a good place to live and do not want it to spend its final years in a cage , without loving owners .
29,null,null,I am having so much trouble making this decision ..
30,null,null,I love my cat a lot and , but
31,null,null,want it to be taken care of well and to be happy
32,null,null,I am endangering my family the longer I try to hide it .
33,null,null,My mother and brother keep telling me that it is my decision to make
34,null,null,and I just keep procrastinating .
35,null,null,So I posted this here because it is making me depressed and stressed out .
36,null,null,Are there any options I am leaving out ?
37,null,null,Do I either have to spend all of my money to move or give it to an animal shelter ?
38,null,null,They both seem like such terrible options
200 49
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Hey , I guess this is the place to post this .
2,null,null,I do not really know if I am depressed and if I am
3,null,null,I am not sure how to go about getting help for it
4,null,null,so I figured you guys would be able to help me out a bit .
5,null,null,For the past year and a bit I have been feeling really out of sorts , pretty down and kind of lost in general .
6,null,null,I left school in July 2004 and .
7,null,null,started a year out before I went to university
8,null,null,That is when I started feeling strange
9,null,null,and I put it down to ( and
10,null,null,still believe it was )
11,null,null,just a weird kind of feeling when one leaves school and their life
12,null,null,changes forever
13,null,null,and it is the beginning of being an adult which is a scary time for anyone .
14,null,null,Over the year I would go through different stages where for a few months I would feel really positive and enjoy spending time with people and then for a few months I would feel lonely and sad and not go out with friends for months on end .
15,null,null,Then I went to university in September 2005 and .
16,null,null,felt very very sad
17,null,null,I think it was the shock of leaving home , living away from everyone I would ever known and also the feeling of being back at school .
18,null,null,I knew immediately that I would made a terrible decision starting university , it was not what I wanted to be doing with my life and
19,null,null,for the 6 weeks I was there
20,null,null,I would stay in bed pretty much all day and .
21,null,null,not eat much
22,null,null,I think I lost about a stone and a half and even now , 3 months after dropping out and moving back home I am still half a stone lighter than I was last summer .
23,null,null,So now I am back at home
24,null,null,and I have started a job cleaning tables in a cafe where I got on with the people I work with
25,null,null,and I am back in the same city as my girlfriend again and
26,null,null,things should be ok
27,null,null,but I keep dropping into really low moods .
28,null,null,A few weeks ago I thought that maybe it was depression
29,null,null,and so I took some tests on the internet with what seem to be the basic questions .
30,null,null,I tried to answer as truthfully as possible , you have to understand that depression is not something I want to have .
31,null,null,, I have known too many silly teenagers who think that having depression makes them interesting to other people and so they exaggerate emotions to try and look sad to find it appealing
32,null,null,So even though I found myself answering questions that I knew were making me seem depressed
33,null,null,I answered the anyway because it was the truth .
34,null,null,Things like a lowered libido , I find myself wanting to have sex with my girlfriend far far less frequently than I used to and to be honest a lot of the time when I am having sex
35,null,null,I feel that I am just going through the motions .
36,null,null,My sleeping which has always been a little odd has become increasingly erratic
37,null,null,and I have found myself thinking about death a lot .
38,null,null,To be honest though I thought that everyone thought about death and dying and that it was natural .
39,null,null,I fin myself becoming very easily bored with people and situations and where I once used to enjoy writing stories I can not being myself to do it anymore .
40,null,null,The worst thing though is the mood swings I have and the low moods I find myself in quite frequently .
41,null,null,When I feel like this I do not want to be around anyone or have anyone talk to me
42,null,null,and I can not stop myself thinking about bad things that have happened to me or could happen on a personal level and making myself the centre of blame for them .
43,null,null,So am I depressed or is it just , as I am leaning towards , a natural part of growing up and finding myself in the world of work and adulthood and trying to adjust to it .
44,null,null,And if I am depressed how do I stop myself being this way ?
45,null,null,The thought of going to my doctor and sitting there and saying " I think I am depressed " does not make much sense to me .
46,null,null,I have always thought that with problems of that nature you must be told that you are ill and not decide for yourself that you are .
47,null,null,Sorry if this has been very long and poorly punctuated , I wrote it all fairly stream of consciously .
48,null,null,Any help at all would be very much appreciated , I am feeling pretty vulnerable and down right now and .
49,null,null,do not want to feel this way anymore
201 11
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Hi everyone .
2,null,null,My name is Charlie
3,null,null,and I have suffered from occasional bouts of depression for a while .
4,null,null,Something that has recently taken my interest is the inferiority complex and how this affected my perceptions of things .
5,null,null,I first got onto the idea through a page called Depression Hurts at a Hypnosis site 121 hypnosis ( its worth plugging as I have found it useful ) .
6,null,null,It took a while to admit to myself that I was afraid of not belonging , being criticized
7,null,null,, sarcastic remarks at work etc and it stems back to horrid teachers and kids at school .
8,null,null,This has been a turning point for me though - working through the false learnings and memories , so
9,null,null,I thought I would share it in case it resonates with anyone else .
10,null,null,I have since recognized symptoms of inferiority in others ( and
11,null,null,they vary widely from conceited arrogance to total withdrawal ) , and it is been really great .
202 4
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Lately I have been thinking about the fact that dying does not scare me and I honestly do not care if I do .
2,null,null,The only thing that bothers me is how it would affect the people around me .
3,null,null,I do not want to die necessarily the idea of it
4,null,null,just does not bother me .
203 15
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Weekends are the worst There is nothing to distract myself on the weekends .
2,null,null,I did spend time with friends Friday and Saturday , but .
3,null,null,the majority of the time I just sit at home and watch youtube or do some other dumb shit
4,null,null,I have been trying to quit drinking and smoking weed , but
5,null,null,they really numbed the weekend away to make it bearable .
6,null,null,Now I am just a sad sap with nothing to do .
7,null,null,I am trying to take up hobbies to fill the time
8,null,null,but it seems pointless .
9,null,null,The worst part is that I have had some really good days this week
10,null,null,and I thought that maybe I was better .
11,null,null,The depression is worse after I have felt genuinely happy for the first time in a long time .
12,null,null,I have been overwhelmed with cravings for alcohol all weekend
13,null,null,and I have been trying to get some homework done , but
14,null,null,all I can focus on is wanting to drink .
15,null,null,Maybe I should just get drunk to make them go away for a while .
204 15
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Music has a huge effect on my moods Music .
2,null,null,has a huge effect on my moods
3,null,null,I have been having an okay day with a good amount of anxiety and
4,null,null,my depression has not been so strong .
5,null,null,The depression is not of course gone .
6,null,null,It is just not as bad today .
7,null,null,I was listening to this song that I like which is ironic
8,null,null,but it is a pretty sad song .
9,null,null,It triggered me and .
10,null,null,made me really sad and made my depression worse
11,null,null,I was thinking of my abuse , my relationship with my girlfriend and other things during it .
12,null,null,I was thinking of a lot of things and
13,null,null,then my mood flipped .
14,null,null,Is anyone okay messaging me to talk ?
15,null,null,I can support you too if you want .
205 26
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I have really been trying to ' control ' my rage while driving .
2,null,null,Since being medicated it is not as bad , but
3,null,null,I can not stop .
4,null,null,Today this guy chased me , forced me to pull over and started yelling , I thought he would hit me .
5,null,null,I was surprisingly calm , not even afraid .
6,null,null,I guess I just did not care what happened to me at that point
7,null,null,I hate when I get so angry , go into road rage mode , because I feel like crap afterwards
8,null,null,, I do not like myself , I usually cry .
9,null,null,I can not talk to my husband especially about this .
10,null,null,I feel very isolated .
11,null,null,All he does is get mad
12,null,null,, lecture me , tell me to stop ,
13,null,null,do not you know it is dangerous , etc .
14,null,null,He judges and .
15,null,null,blames me
16,null,null,He has no idea how I feel
17,null,null,and I doubt he ever will .
18,null,null,I feel better now that I can come here and talk to people who will understand my feelings ( even if what I did is wrong , I hope ? ? ) .
19,null,null,It is very easy to say you will change , you will calm down .
20,null,null,Easier said than done .
21,null,null,I feel like I have to hide the fact that I am in this forum from my husband , I have to hide a lot from him .
22,null,null,I just hope that raving lunatic does not come after me if he finds out where I live .
23,null,null,I have talked to my therapist about this but
24,null,null,not in any depth , I only get 45 minutes of her time per session .
25,null,null,I would need hours .
26,null,null,Thanks for listening , I feel a little better
206 36
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I can not do school work
2,null,null,and I have no
3,null,null,will power left The past two years
4,null,null,I have been having a mental battle with myself trying to do my work just to come out with bad grades and disappointment from myself and my parents .
5,null,null,I do not if I am depressed , an idiot , or just a lazy piece of shit
6,null,null,but I am tired of fighting
7,null,null,and I just want to throw in the towel .
8,null,null,I know my parents just want the best for me
9,null,null,but they can not help me .
10,null,null,Even when I am in class it takes all my mental strength to do the simplest things like take notes .
11,null,null,The most frustrating part is that nobody thinks I try to do anything .
12,null,null,Everyone treats me like a complete dumbass because I can not do my work .
13,null,null,I used to have an amazing memory when I was 5 - 6 years old but
14,null,null,when I started elementary school and
15,null,null,now it gets worse and worse every year .
16,null,null,Sometimes I will talk to someone and .
17,null,null,forget we are talking what about in the middle of the conversation for a second
18,null,null,I can not organize anything
19,null,null,and I give up before I even try because I know in my head I will not be able to do it anyways .
20,null,null,I could not pay attention in class if you payed me to do it .
21,null,null,And I hate myself for it .
22,null,null,I hate that I can not do simple tasks and I
23,null,null,that I can not remember anything
24,null,null,but I can not control it .
25,null,null,It does not even feel like I am in control of my life anymore .
26,null,null,Is there anything I can do to help myself .
27,null,null,I am trying to change my diet and meditate as of recent .
28,null,null,I want to be in control of myself again .
29,null,null,I am only in 8th grade
30,null,null,and I feel like
31,null,null,here is one last chance of hope before I trash my gpa and end up working at McDonald .
32,null,null,is
33,null,null,If you can think of anything that might help please reply .
34,null,null,I might just do an lsd trip for insight to find a solution
35,null,null,but I am worried I will just mess with my brain even more .
36,null,null,Anything you Can think of will be great .
207 9
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I will end my life , sooner or later I have never felt more lost in my life .
2,null,null,I have no idea what I am doing with myself .
3,null,null,I do not even know how to explain how bad my mental health is .. I have made so many attempts to tell my parents how bad I have gotten , and all my mom tells me
4,null,null,is that she will make an appointment for me to get diagnosed w/ depression , bipolar and anxiety
5,null,null,so I can get the medication I need
6,null,null,but she lies .
7,null,null,She is been telling me this for months ..
8,null,null,I want to kill myself , because at least then everyone will show me the love I have always wanted .
9,null,null,When I die you will love me .
208 40
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am a 23 yr old university student
2,null,null,and I think I am getting depressed again .
3,null,null,One of the debates I am having with myself is whether or not this is really depression .
4,null,null,I was diagnosed with it about 2 years or so ago ( although it was not my first bout of feeling low ) and was put on a high dosage of medications ( which I took ) .
5,null,null,Things got better after a few months
6,null,null,and so
7,null,null,of course I stopped taking them cold turkey .
8,null,null,Obviously not the best idea in the world , aside from this being one of the worst things to do because of the possibility of reoccurrence , my body went through heck and
9,null,null,I had some pretty nasty side effects ( even worse than when I was actually taking the meds ) .
10,null,null,Fortunately , it did not reoccur and
11,null,null,I have been feeling fine until the past couple of months .
12,null,null,I think I am feeling the warning signs again : low energy , crying , circular thinking , apathy towards everything , skipping school , sleeping all day , anxiety ..
13,null,null,I just feel like maybe this is not really depression , maybe I am just a person who does not handle stress well .
14,null,null,Jeeze , when I read this it sounds so ridiculous .
15,null,null,Part of me knows I am being illogical but
16,null,null,another part is just blaming me for being weak and not being able to just sit back and enjoy life .
17,null,null,Why can not I just be happy ?
18,null,null,Why do I have to be so moody ?
19,null,null,Why am I so weak ?
20,null,null,It is stupid
21,null,null,but I keep blaming myself .
22,null,null,I do not think I am bipolar since I have never experienced real highs but
23,null,null,every couple of years
24,null,null,or so my lows get really low .
25,null,null,Last time was by far the worst
26,null,null,and I would not have been able to get through it without medications
27,null,null,and I do not want it to get to that point again
28,null,null,but .. I guess I still feel a lot of shame about it .
29,null,null,It still feels like depression is being weak .
30,null,null,I know ,
31,null,null,I know it is just like having diabetes and your body needs the chemicals to be normal
32,null,null,but
33,null,null,* sigh
34,null,null,*
35,null,null,I still blame myself .
36,null,null,Last time I told my teachers and some friends and
37,null,null,it is like they look at me as if I am contagious or insane .
38,null,null,I do not know if I can go through that again .
39,null,null,But I do not know if I can keep on pretending everything
40,null,null,is alright either ..
209 12
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,do therapists tell your parents about you diagnosis ?
2,null,null,apologies if this is not a good place to ask .
3,null,null,I am a minor and
4,null,null,I am going to have therapy soon , and I am very nervous .
5,null,null,I likely have social anxiety and .
6,null,null,have no clue what to say
7,null,null,but besides that , my parents are probably the main reason for my depression , and
8,null,null,I d much prefer if they did not know .
9,null,null,does the therapist have to tell them , legally ?
10,null,null,or by policy or something ?
11,null,null,will they not if I ask them not to ?
12,null,null,thank you .
210 36
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Well , I guess ,
2,null,null,i mean
3,null,null,i know I need help .
4,null,null,I lost my husband .
5,null,null,he died of a heart attack at 56 on his walk home from a police station from being arrested for soliciting a prostitute .
6,null,null,, two years ago , can not get over it .
7,null,null,It was a bad scene , we were not great lovers or anything like that , more like companions , he cheated on me a lot
8,null,null,and i just accepted it , but
9,null,null,we did things together , ate out a lot , went to flea markets
10,null,null,, he was nice to me , he loved me , he was just stupid , and i would not have sex with him because of his indiscretion , I think he understood that .
11,null,null,After he died , about 6 months or so , I started going to a psychiatrist .
12,null,null,He put me on lots of medications , it cost a lot of money , I was still depressed somewhat and really
13,null,null,, I do not think he understood me at all .
14,null,null,So about 6 months ago , I quit , everything , medications , therapy , etc .
15,null,null,I have a 30 year old son that lives with me and causes me a lot of grief , he has diabetes really bad and no job .
16,null,null,Two days ago he was lethargic and
17,null,null,his blood sugar was 500
18,null,null,, I had to take him to the ER
19,null,null,and I know it is going to cost me thousands of dollars .
20,null,null,I have no extra money , but
21,null,null,what does a person do .
22,null,null,I tried to get him to get a job
23,null,null,and it just turns into a yelling crying
24,null,null,i am going to through you out of the house thing ..
25,null,null,He is my child , I will not throw him out , ..
26,null,null,oh , he also has adult ADD .
27,null,null,I have a real hard time socializing because i have low self esteem .
28,null,null,, I am fat , 53 years old , not very attractive , and on and on
29,null,null,When I try to improve myself , I get frustrated , the weight , ..
30,null,null,etc .
31,null,null,I think about suicide
32,null,null,but that is stupid
33,null,null,, I never act on anything like that .
34,null,null,It is just a passing though time to time .
35,null,null,I cry a lot , I am alone a lot .
36,null,null,All messed up huh .
211 23
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I have just registered and .
2,null,null,thought I would introduce myself
3,null,null,I posted this in a different place but .
4,null,null,thought I would put it here too
5,null,null,I hope that is ok .
6,null,null,I am Chris , female , age 50 .
7,null,null,I was diagnosed with depression 8 years ago following the sudden death of my best friend .
8,null,null,I was doing ok and .
9,null,null,learning to live with it when my son , my only child , was killed by a drunk driver on Christmas Eve 2003
10,null,null,My world has collapsed .
11,null,null,I was of work for 8 months but .
12,null,null,eventually returned there part time , and have been coping in my own way until the turn of the year when I had another breakdown
13,null,null,I am still off and isolating .
14,null,null,I do not open the curtains ; do not answer the door or the phone .
15,null,null,Some days I can not see an end to it .
16,null,null,To top that , my partner left around the same time because he said he could not live with my depression any more .
17,null,null,I can not say I blame him .
18,null,null,I would not live with me either given the choice .
19,null,null,I joined because it seems like a very supportive place , and I noticed you have a forum for grief which I think I could benefit from if allowed access .
20,null,null,I sometimes think I am going mad without my son , and
21,null,null,no - one understands the way it is for me .
22,null,null,Hopefully I will meet some of you soon .
23,null,null,Take care all .
212 16
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,what the fuck
2,null,null,what the fuck fuck
3,null,null,everything fuck everyone , they re all full of absolute bullshit and .
4,null,null,are fake ass fucks
5,null,null,fuck you and you and you
6,null,null,i m sick of this man
7,null,null,, late nights not even wanting to be hhere for the past
8,null,null,what , 2 + years ?
9,null,null,i m too much of a pussy to end it
10,null,null,and i m
11,null,null,scared as fuck of death but
12,null,null,man
13,null,null,what am i supposed to do
14,null,null,i m
15,null,null,only 15 shit
16,null,null,i do nt even have a real friend to talk to anymore
213 16
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Am I going insane or ?
2,null,null,is this normal
3,null,null,Zoning out I was always praised for my memory .
4,null,null,Did not ever revise for exams
5,null,null,but I would still get good grades .
6,null,null,Nowadays not so much .
7,null,null,I am constantly ' zoning out ' .
8,null,null,It is got to the point where I sometimes forget what happened 30 seconds ago .
9,null,null,I will be in shower and zone out for 30 seconds , .
10,null,null,come back and I can not remember if I washed my hair or not
11,null,null,It is always simple things like that .
12,null,null,I still have no problem with studies , remembering appointments and generally anything that matters .
13,null,null,Yet , I still check if I closed the fridge door 3 times within a few minutes ..
14,null,null,Am I just getting older ?
15,null,null,Can this be a symptom of depression or perhaps something more sinister ?
16,null,null,I feel like this is something I have always had and perhaps everyone else has too , but lately it just seems too frequent to be normal ..
214 7
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I want to open up and talk to you , but
2,null,null,my brain tells me it will just make it worse if I do ..
3,null,null,That is my life in a nutshell , unfortunately .
4,null,null,I know I need to open up and talk through any issue that may come up but in the back of my head there is a voice telling me that if I do , it will only make it worse .
5,null,null,And the fucked up thing about it is that the voice is right 90 % of the time because most people in my life do not percieve the things that bother me as actual issues .
6,null,null,Fuck everything about communication , it only makes things worse .
7,null,null,I honestly do not need anything else adding to the massive weight I bear .
215 8
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I noticed people who talk to me , sometimes just walk away mid conversation
2,null,null,I am socially awkward
3,null,null,and I have a hard time reading cues about where the person wants to take the conversation .
4,null,null,Is he genuine with me right now , am I interesting enough ?
5,null,null,I end up expressing myself in bizarre ways and people just up and leave .
6,null,null,I find it incredibly rude almost like I am a crazy person
7,null,null,and they think it is okay to disrespect me .
8,null,null,It hurts a lot
216 7
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Difference between antidepressent starting side - effects and hypomania ?
2,null,null,Hey all , So I have read about how SSRIs can send bipolar people who are misdiagnosed with unipolar depression / anxiety into hypomania or mania .
3,null,null,I have also read that SSRIs can have activating effects during the start up period ( including insomnia , restlessness , distractibility ) that sound similar to some of the symptoms of hypomania .
4,null,null,So if someone starting and SSRI experiences trouble sleeping , restlessness , increased energy , increased distractibility , periods of euphoria , spends money like it is nothing , increased pressure to talk / sing / dance , increased responses to music and caffeine , starting up old hobbies , etc .
5,null,null,, how can they know whether it is a combination of start - up side effects of the SSRI + feeling ( much ) better from the SSRI ( or maybe placebo / excitement from doing something about the depression ) or an antidepressant - induced hypomanic episode ?
6,null,null,I know it is a question for a professional
7,null,null,but I like to hear experiences also .
217 6
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,DAE stop telling people things because you feel like you are a burden I have come to the brink of my very collapse
2,null,null,and I refuse to say anything about it to anyone around me because it comes off as attention whoring and needy .
3,null,null,My anxiety and depression has gotten the best of me again and
4,null,null,I am stuck in an endless loop of worry and self - pity .
5,null,null,I am closer to giving in than ever .
6,null,null,What have I become ?
218 34
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am new here .
2,null,null,But , I would like to know how to tell if I am in depression .
3,null,null,I have no idea where to post this at , but
4,null,null,since I am new here
5,null,null,I guess this is the best place .
6,null,null,Plus I can not start a new topic
7,null,null,so ..
8,null,null,Well , anyway , here is how it is :
9,null,null,Some days I can go without thinking about her , but
10,null,null,at night , when I rest my head on my pillow , she eventually runs across my mind .
11,null,null,When I say she , I mean my ex .
12,null,null,More like .. I am her ex .
13,null,null,But eh .. this took place a while back .
14,null,null,Maybe like .. a year and a half .
15,null,null,I met her 3 years ago in High - school .
16,null,null,She was my very first true girlfriend
17,null,null,and I did not want anything to mess that up , but
18,null,null,somehow I did that myself .. or something along those lines .
19,null,null,After a while of missing someone it does not really matter who was the blame for what .
20,null,null,Sometimes when I make music I sing lyrics about her and how I want another chance and whatever .
21,null,null,I am not really obsessed with her or anything , but
22,null,null,I sometimes want to just forget about her all at once , or wish I could go back 3 years .
23,null,null,I guess that might be linked to regrets ?
24,null,null,Anyway , this whole thing is sort of an ON - OFF type thing , where sometimes I can not help but think about how it was , and sometimes , she is that last thing on my mind .
25,null,null,Sort of like I put her on the back of my mind not to think about her , and ? ?
26,null,null,save my hurt of later
27,null,null,..
28,null,null,If that sounds right
29,null,null,..
30,null,null,Maybe I need a shrink .
31,null,null,Who knows ..
32,null,null,maybe i just need another girl ..
33,null,null,But I am pretty sure no other girl is going to want to listen to me talk about my past relationships .
34,null,null,Anyway , feedback is appreciated
219 12
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Anyone depressed in spite of good life circumstances ?
2,null,null,A lot of people here are depressed for very good reasons .
3,null,null,I really do not have any .
4,null,null,I am pretty happy with my life set up
5,null,null,( of course there are some things I would change but
6,null,null,on the whole it is good ) .
7,null,null,I just have this endogenous , chemical depression that is as bad as being in physical pain .
8,null,null,I have been on so many meds in the past
9,null,null,and they do not seem to work for me anymore .
10,null,null,I run distance every single day and .
11,null,null,eat well
12,null,null,Not asking for advice as such , just interested to hear if any of you guys are depressed even though your lives are good on paper .
220 4
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Addicted to depression Every time when I feel like the self - loathing and depressive feelings are becoming less
2,null,null,, I feel shit because I do not feel depressed anymore .
3,null,null,It is so weird because I want it to go away
4,null,null,but some part of me wants to stay depressive and feel suicidal .
221 5
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,God " God moves towards those who need him the most and those who are emotionally broken " Really ?
2,null,null,Well where the fuck has he been for the past three years in my life ?
3,null,null,I am tired of asking God to make me feel less depressed and never getting an answer .
4,null,null,I guess he does not give a shit about me , but
5,null,null,that is okay , because now I do not give a shit about him either .
222 46
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am new to this forum and
2,null,null,actually to the whole talking to people
3,null,null,I do not know online thing .
4,null,null,I have been looking around a lot online to find somewhere I can talk , but
5,null,null,all the chat rooms and forums say they are about one thing
6,null,null,and then you get inside and
7,null,null,everything is about sex .
8,null,null,Then I stumbled into this place .
9,null,null,I started reading postings and
10,null,null,everyone seems so concerned about everyone even though they have never met these people .
11,null,null,I have not struggled with depression my whole life or anything like that .
12,null,null,I am only 22 but .
13,null,null,feel so old
14,null,null,I am very , very recently separated ( let is face it broken up ) with my ex - fiance .
15,null,null,We have dated for almost five years and .
16,null,null,have a son together who will be two on Saturday
17,null,null,He has not treated me the best ( never hit or anything physical like that just never around )
18,null,null,and he is really not what I want my husband or even the father of my children to act like .
19,null,null,He does have moments of goodness and
20,null,null,this is what makes it so hard because why can not he always act like that .
21,null,null,I know he is capable of it .
22,null,null,I told him we should separate
23,null,null,but I know he is been thinking it for a long time .
24,null,null,He is been forcing things because of his family and .
25,null,null,because he feels " respect " and blah blah for me
26,null,null,I stayed around because he is the father of my child and face it
27,null,null,it is hard to find someone new when you are a woman and you already have a kid .
28,null,null,I love him very much and
29,null,null,I guess I was just expecting him to wake up one day and say man I need to change or I am going to lose this great girl .
30,null,null,I wanted to separate because I think that is the only way he is going to realize how good of a girl I am and how good I am for him .
31,null,null,Now I am scared though that he will never come to this realization or meet someone else .
32,null,null,He says he is not looking , but
33,null,null,let is face it
34,null,null,he is a man .
35,null,null,He says he needs at least 6 months to find himself .
36,null,null,It makes it hard on me because we have a son together and for this reason my ex is always coming around and actually now that we are not together we probably see him more .
37,null,null,I have no family where I live and the last 5 years .
38,null,null,have been devoted to my ex and son
39,null,null,I have managed to lose contact with any friends I had and never made any new ones .
40,null,null,I am now completely alone except for my son , which I feel like I can not take good care of because I am always crying .
41,null,null,I am a high school teacher and
42,null,null,I had to take a couple days off this week because I am so touchy and can cry if the wrong thought pops up in my head .
43,null,null,It is affecting every part of my life and
44,null,null,it is so overwhelming .
45,null,null,I used to be afraid that if we ever split I would end up alone with only one son and no family ; now I am afraid that he will never come back !
46,null,null,I really just need someone to talk to .
223 19
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I have not been on this site for awhile because everything was going pretty good !
2,null,null,Tonight it is all falling down though .
3,null,null,I do not even know what to say right now .
4,null,null,I have just got to pound this keyboard .
5,null,null,There is so much to say
6,null,null,but I can not get it out correctly .
7,null,null,Pretty pathetic when I can not even say anything but leave me alone .
8,null,null,I sure wish there was someone to talk to .
9,null,null,Someone to yell at , you know ?
10,null,null,Just to yell .
11,null,null,Around my neighborhood it would be a sign of " not all there " , you know ?
12,null,null,I finally see how a few of the people around here drive their cars off the cliff .
13,null,null,It is almost spring , about another month to month and a half .
14,null,null,If I can just wait that long , I can get out into the yard with the sun and feel better .
15,null,null,I have to keep thinking of that , the sun and yard , something to look forward to .
16,null,null,My " feel good " days must have been pretty good because this downfall is pretty lousy .
17,null,null,So lousy that I try to feel what I had been feeling , but
18,null,null,it is almost like I can not remember it .
19,null,null,Already !
224 15
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I can not fucking handle this life
2,null,null,How do people do it ?
3,null,null,I am supposed to be happy , because I live in Norway , one of the best places to live .
4,null,null,How the fuck can I ?
5,null,null,The thought of all those innocent people murdered just so that the westerners can live comfortably , it just makes me sick .
6,null,null,There is no logic to any of this , I am born into an uncaring and cold world , forced to work my ass of 9 - 5 every day , just so some corporate asshole can get more money .
7,null,null,I earn a fraction of that amount , and
8,null,null,then I have to pay some of that to the government .
9,null,null,The government then tries to keep me " safe " , by threatening me with involuntary commitment .
10,null,null,They are just trying to keep their livestock in check .
11,null,null,We are all just slaves , and
12,null,null,no one else seems to understand that .
13,null,null,There is this weight on my shoulders , this expectation for me to be something .
14,null,null,I can not fucking understand how everyone is okay with this .
15,null,null,I want out .
225 18
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am a 40 year old mother of two ; .
2,null,null,ages 14 and 4
3,null,null,I guess I have been depressed about everything more recently , but .
4,null,null,have been really depressed for about 5 + years now
5,null,null,I thought bringing a new child into my life 4 years ago would help , but
6,null,null,it only increased .
7,null,null,I am so lonely , with no friends ( well , one ) since I moved to upper New York 4 1/2 years ago from Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania .
8,null,null,I love my children , and .
9,null,null,my 21 hour job ( that my doctor suggested )
10,null,null,However , I do get to talk ( chat ) with anyone .
11,null,null,I get every morning thinking that this day will be better , but
12,null,null,it turns out to be sometimes worst than the day before ..
13,null,null,I guess , I am writing this to gain some friends , and
14,null,null,feel that I am not alone in this situations
15,null,null,I feel I am into ..
16,null,null,I do not drink , I do not do drugs , and
17,null,null,I take my prescribed Medications like I am suppose too ..
18,null,null,Is there anyone out there that would like to talk , or write , or e - mail me ?
226 45
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am 46 and .
2,null,null,have been depressed since I was maybe 5 years old
3,null,null,I was emotionally abused by two confused parents .
4,null,null,Depression & alcoholism runs rampantly in my family - fortunately I escaped the alcoholism .
5,null,null,I was diagnosed as having major depression when I was about 25
6,null,null,and I have been on medication since then .
7,null,null,I have also had intensive psychotherapy and .
8,null,null,done lots of research on the subject
9,null,null,Nothing erases the stigma ! !
10,null,null,"
11,null,null,Depression " is misnamed .
12,null,null,It should be called serotonin - deficiency disorder or something long and fancy so people will respect it .
13,null,null,Too many say , " Depression ?
14,null,null,Snap out of it ! "
15,null,null,Or " Do something to cheer yourself up .
16,null,null,"
17,null,null,What bunk .
18,null,null,It affects every part of your body .
19,null,null,Last year I realized that some of my depression was caused by kidney failure .
20,null,null,I escaped dialysis and .
21,null,null,will probably be OK
22,null,null,But what a relief to have something " serious " to blame my problems on !
23,null,null,Everybody respects kidney failure as a " real disease " .
24,null,null,I had to disown my brother last year because his reaction to my failing health was to call me a loser and an embarrassment .
25,null,null,Very typical reaction from him , although the rest of my family were supportive .
26,null,null,I now have no brother .
27,null,null,I should have done it a long time ago .
28,null,null,It takes such a long time to come to a point where you believe you deserve something good in life .
29,null,null,I am intelligent ,
30,null,null,employed and do not do drugs or alcohol , never have , but
31,null,null,sometimes I feel like a bum , a worthless waste of space , .
32,null,null,not worth the effort
33,null,null,I have to argue myself out of that mindset every day , and
34,null,null,it is so exhausting , and people wonder why I am tired all the time and have no energy .
35,null,null,I am very angry , too .
36,null,null,I have never had a successful relationship and .
37,null,null,do not believe I ever can
38,null,null,I do not even believe it exists .
39,null,null,No kids , either , but
40,null,null,maybe that is a good thing .
41,null,null,They take a lot of emotional energy .
42,null,null,Anyway , I hate to sound like a whiner , but
43,null,null,sometimes you have got to whine ! !
44,null,null,And I am happy to listen to everybody else and give them my support .
45,null,null,We are all in the same boat here .
227 21
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,you know how everyone hates those family get togethers , at least I do .
2,null,null,All my family is out of state
3,null,null,And I rarely get the chance to ever see mine , but that is off point , I have severe depression and a terrible panic disorder ,
4,null,null,at my last doctor appointment we were discussing easter coming up and how hard it is for me to go to my in laws , especially since no one there will ever talk to me,(that
5,null,null,is a whole other subject )
6,null,null,anyway it was suggested to me that maybe we could invite the family over here for easter so that I would feel more secure .
7,null,null,that way i could be busy with food and
8,null,null,not feeling bad
9,null,null,cause no one will speak to me .
10,null,null,MY husband at the time when I spoke to him about it said that maybe it was a good idea , would be good for me .
11,null,null,well today we had a bit of an argument over something i tried to do in here today
12,null,null,, i just wanted him to try and understand what its like for me since he considers this a weakness not an illness ,
13,null,null,anyway , of course he went to his mothers , and
14,null,null,accepted her offer for dinner and then came home and announced it to me
15,null,null,, he did not even bring up the possibility of maybe having it at our house .
16,null,null,not even for me ( also they have no idea about my illness
17,null,null,, he is embarrassed i think )
18,null,null,anyway , now I feel like he will never try to take my feelings into consideration .
19,null,null,I fell like throwing up
20,null,null,I feel like shit
21,null,null,I feel unloved
228 25
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Will I ever be with somebody ?
2,null,null,I am so lonely .
3,null,null,I am 19 and
4,null,null,I do not have a clue a relationship feels what like .
5,null,null,All my friends are talking about marriage
6,null,null,and I have never even had a real kiss I cared about .
7,null,null,I did not think I was that bad
8,null,null,, I guess I was wrong .
9,null,null,I know there are people who go much longer without finding anyone special
10,null,null,but I really hope that does not happen to me .
11,null,null,I have spent so long being someone I am not , and
12,null,null,now I do not know how to actually be myself anymore .
13,null,null,I feel so depersonalized and isolated .
14,null,null,I need someone to tell me it is ok .
15,null,null,I have so many deep problems and
16,null,null,I ca nt talk about them .
17,null,null,I do not want sex , I want someone who can hold me and reassure me that I do not need to die to feel at peace .
18,null,null,I just want to cuddle and talk
19,null,null,, is that too much to ask ? ?
20,null,null,I do not even care who , man woman other
21,null,null,I do nt care
22,null,null,and still I ca nt fucking find anyone .
23,null,null,I can not even find real friends .
24,null,null,I give up , it is probably too late for me anyway .
25,null,null,Alcohol is the only thing I have a real relationship with .
229 6
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Advice on dating someone with ADHD Has anyone dated someone with ADHD ?
2,null,null,I have depression and anxiety and .
3,null,null,have been going to therapy and taking antidepressants to try to overcome it
4,null,null,Whenever he becomes inattentive or hyper focused on something else , it makes me feel alone and unwanted .
5,null,null,I am trying to be understanding of what he is going through
6,null,null,but it is hard not having negative thoughts running through my mind .
230 5
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Smallest actions seem like the biggest achievements Tried a face mask today after a long time .
2,null,null,I bought those before a big task I had to pass , which I miserably failed .
3,null,null,Just opening the packet and using it today felt , scary .
4,null,null,But I did it .
5,null,null,Anyone else feel this way with small tasks ?
231 37
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am working on a new app / startup to help you guys .
2,null,null,Please read this , I would really appreciate any help / feedback .
3,null,null,Hello everyone !
4,null,null,I am a current sophomore in college studying Computer Science and
5,null,null,this summer I decided to work on a new app that caters
6,null,null,to depressed / suicidal people who are going through bad times .
7,null,null,I want this app to connect depressed users to people who are volunteers at crisis centers or just regular people in general that are willing to devote their time to helping the users .
8,null,null,This app will be similar to twitch where the volunteer will go live ( and
9,null,null,you can see their face ) and any user can instantly connect with them .
10,null,null,First , the user will enter their information like : what their favorite tv shows / movies / music artists are , where they are from , and what type of gender they would feel most comfortable talking to .
11,null,null,All this information gathered will be used to connect the user with a volunteer that closely fits those preferences ( the user can swipe through all of the options that are given to them and they can actually add these volunteers to a list that they would like to come back to ) .
12,null,null,I want it to be a one on one session where the user can decide to turn his / her camera on , or if not , just use the microphone , or if they do not want to do either of those options , they can just use the chat box provided .
13,null,null,I want it to be a social platform where users can connect with other users and see what they are doing .
14,null,null,Basically a user is becoming friends with their streamers / volunteers and other users as well .
15,null,null,Also , these one - on - one sessions can be changed to a room where there can be 4 users to one volunteer and that way more people can connect with each other with like a chaperone .
16,null,null,I would not dare dream of making any money from this app
17,null,null,and I know I need funding from VC is to get this thing skyrocketing .
18,null,null,That is why I am getting all the resources I need from my school is entrepreneurial program
19,null,null,and they are going to connect me to the people I need to know .
20,null,null,I hate to say it
21,null,null,but if I need to make shareholders money , then I will do it , but
22,null,null,I do not want to make a single dime off of an idea that caters to people who are struggling through something so drastic .
23,null,null,This may sound far fetched but
24,null,null,my biggest dream for this app / company , is to have a box filled with goodies being mailed to users when the holidays / Valentine is Day/ birthdays come around that include : letters / voice messages from volunteers saying Happy Birthday !
25,null,null,Or Merry Christmas !
26,null,null,Or Happy Valentine is Day !
27,null,null,followed by more messages that has to do with the user .
28,null,null,This box will also include a lot more goodies that has to specifically do with the user .
29,null,null,I used to be like you guys .
30,null,null,I can not say that I suffered as much as you guys
31,null,null,but I came to this sub a couple of times when I had no one else to go to .
32,null,null,I had no shoulder to cry on in my freshman year of college which is why I think this app could actually mean something to someone .
33,null,null,Please , we need to try and put an end to the huge suicide rate among children / adults in America .
34,null,null,Please provide any feedback , whether good , bad , or helpful .
35,null,null,Anything helps , really .
36,null,null,I can also answer any questions you might have about this app .
37,null,null,Please excuse my bad grammar , I am a computer science major for a reason haha .
232 24
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,It is been happening for awhile ..
2,null,null,i have been sexually harassed and ..
3,null,null,sexually assaulted
4,null,null,the kid next door who is the same age as me has been touching me in unwanted places
5,null,null,..
6,null,null,i tell him to stop and
7,null,null,it gets worse ..
8,null,null,it is not that i want to stop him
9,null,null,it is that i can not stop him ..
10,null,null,it has gotten worse he keeps touching me and
11,null,null,now he would like me to have sex with him
12,null,null,but i wo nt do it ..
13,null,null,he is going too far as it is .. if i keep telling him to stop ..
14,null,null,then i do not what will happen next if i tell a cop
15,null,null,then he just as well kill me cause i do not know what his reaction will be
16,null,null,and i do not think i want to go there to find out ..
17,null,null,i have no one i want to tell
18,null,null,so i really can not spill unless I am on here
19,null,null,cause
20,null,null,no one knows who i really am and what kind of person i am ..
21,null,null,I am scared ..
22,null,null,i have been violated ..
23,null,null,what is next ..
24,null,null,well i guess I will find out tomorrow
233 8
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I think I am going to give up the fight soon enough .
2,null,null,Almost another year past , another year deeper into the hole .
3,null,null,Do not worry , whoever reads this .
4,null,null,I am not gon na off myself .
5,null,null,Not yet , at least .
6,null,null,No ones gon na read this .
7,null,null,Best of luck to everyone else out there currently struggling .
8,null,null,Hopefully things start to look up for you .
234 12
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Feeling Broken
2,null,null,I was molested when I was 5 .
3,null,null,I am 27 now
4,null,null,and I have never actually tried to deal with it .
5,null,null,I just ignored it , but
6,null,null,that does not seem to be working anymore .
7,null,null,I feel terrified all the time .
8,null,null,I feel dirty and .
9,null,null,used
10,null,null,I have started cutting just to get some relief from the pain .
11,null,null,I do not know why I am posting .
12,null,null,I guess I just want to hear somebody say something nice .
235 51
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Aha !
2,null,null,moment during therapy
3,null,null,So I have been meeting with a therapist about once a week since October of 2017 .
4,null,null,It is been really great , and .
5,null,null,has helped pull me from the brink more than once
6,null,null,Background :
7,null,null,I am gay , and .
8,null,null,was raised Catholic in the 90s
9,null,null,Guess what happened next !
10,null,null,Spoiler :
11,null,null,I was bullied mercilessly .
12,null,null,If I was not too gay , I was too fat , or too tall , or too weird or too unpopular .
13,null,null,You get the gist .
14,null,null,It
15,null,null,it was not my hair , it was my mannerisms ; if it was not my high voice , it was the dark circles under my eyes .
16,null,null,( Gee , what could have caused me to be losing sleep ? )
17,null,null,Flash forward to today :
18,null,null,My therapist guided me through a meditation today that instructed me to visualize and speak to a younger version of myself .
19,null,null,I described what I looked like , what characteristics defined me , and how I saw myself .
20,null,null,Then I was instructed to , as myself as the adult I have become , speak to that child and tell him what I was feeling .
21,null,null,I spoke with kindness and compassion and love and respect for that child , and .
22,null,null,told him everything would be alright
23,null,null,I told him that all of that hatred was wrong , that it was incorrect and that those people who say all those nasty hurtful things , they probably are not even going to remember saying it ,
24,null,null,so do not waste your time holding onto it .
25,null,null,And it got me thinking about all of the baggage
26,null,null,I have he would onto my life .
27,null,null,All the glances and .
28,null,null,side
29,null,null,comments and nasty , hateful things
30,null,null,And how I have internalized it , and .
31,null,null,believed it
32,null,null,And that is when the Aha ! moment came .
33,null,null,*
34,null,null,All this time , I have been so worried about all the bullying that other people did
35,null,null,, I was not even thinking about all the bullying I did to myself .
36,null,null,*
37,null,null,All this time , * it was me .
38,null,null,*
39,null,null,Sure , it was other people who planted those seeds , but
40,null,null,it was me who perpetuated it , who told myself that they were true .
41,null,null,After all , if you say something enough , it might as well be as true as anything else .
42,null,null,So there it is .
43,null,null,There is one step .
44,null,null,It might just be one step , but
45,null,null,it is a step in the right direction .
46,null,null,There is my holy shit moment of the day , and
47,null,null,I just wanted to share with you all .
48,null,null,There is hope .
49,null,null,There is progress .
50,null,null,There is love .
51,null,null,And I hope you all are able to find it .
236 54
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I m wasting my life As a 15 year old
2,null,null,currently , I feel like i am entirely disconnected from every human soul on this planet .
3,null,null,I can not properly have social interactions with others without me overthinking stuff that person says .
4,null,null,What I mean is , if a " friend " tells me i am dumb jokingly
5,null,null,, I take it at heart .
6,null,null,I take everything too literal , I can not properly talk to others without me being awkward and silent .
7,null,null,I can not talk to people if I have ignore them constantly , .
8,null,null,if someone addresses me so they can talk to me , I sometimes ignore them and pretend like I never heard them
9,null,null,If a person says hi to me , I stay silent .
10,null,null,I will never get a girlfriend , i will never feel a girls hand , or .
11,null,null,the feeling of affection , comfort , and attention
12,null,null,I never even got to talk to a girl before .
13,null,null,Seeing everyone at school socializing with their girlfriend , hugging them , doing everything for them , absolutely destroys me as a person .
14,null,null,I can see why I got bullied .
15,null,null,Those times I was called " Pussy " " Weak " " Retarded " turned out to be true .
16,null,null,The physical bullying I received , when they pulled my hair and embarrassed me in front of everyone in class by flipping me off my chair .
17,null,null,I understand now , the stuff I deserve .
18,null,null,I can see why my dad abondoned me ever since I was born , he was never there for me ,
19,null,null,I do not know what type of man he is or how he looks like .
20,null,null,The brothers and sisters I never met , which I dearly wish I could .
21,null,null,They are all so young , I wish I could have been a big brother for them .
22,null,null,I hate living in isolation and loneliness .
23,null,null,As if I was not lonely enough at school , but .
24,null,null,now at home
25,null,null,Everyone takes their brothers and sisters for granted , but
26,null,null,a person like me would love one of those .
27,null,null,My grandparents and mom say they love me , which I do believe , but
28,null,null,I still feel no more or less that same , it does not matter in the end .
29,null,null,I can not do simple activities at school that involve groups , no because a person could possibly screw it up for us , but .
30,null,null,because I need to socialize
31,null,null,I can not do sports because it involves me being around people
32,null,null,and I absolutely despise it .
33,null,null,What am I so afraid of ?
34,null,null,Being judged ?
35,null,null,Why am I here ?
36,null,null,What am I ?
37,null,null,It does not matter , I still die in the end anyways .
38,null,null,Maybe taking my own life is the answer , it resolves all the pain I have received .
39,null,null,Who cares what my so called family feels ?
40,null,null,They must know its for my own personal benefit , they should realize that when I do eventually end myself , that I will no longer feel the pain I once received .
41,null,null,I never have felt an emotional connection between any of my family , they are doing their own thing in their life .
42,null,null,Nobody at school would care , I only have two friends .
43,null,null,Ones I hold dear because they understand my pain .
44,null,null,Looks are deceiving are not they ?
45,null,null,A lot of people in my school consider me attractive and cute , but
46,null,null,good does that do me ?
47,null,null,I will not get any benefit from it either way .
48,null,null,A bit of a description of how I look like , long hair , feminine face , a thin appearance ( not super thin , I weigh about 130 ) .
49,null,null,But anyways , I simply plan on ending my own life sooner or later
50,null,null,, I do not know how long I can last .
51,null,null,We have no value , no significant purpose of existing , .
52,null,null,so might as well end it now
53,null,null,I constantly wear this mask where i pretend i am happy , when i am not .
54,null,null,The only thing I do with my life is listen to Joy of Mans Desiring in bed , contemplating my existence .
237 15
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,It is just grey
2,null,null,Everyone around me treats me like dirt .
3,null,null,I am my friends personal punching bag , my parents hate me
4,null,null,, the love of my life essentially uses me ..
5,null,null,everything seems so bleak all the time .
6,null,null,Like just an endless void of hurting
7,null,null,and I have no idea what to do or who to turn to .
8,null,null,I had friends that would try to help me but idk if they just got sick of me not getting any better or if I was a bad friend or what ..
9,null,null,I am only 17
10,null,null,but I have felt this meaninglessness since I was eight .
11,null,null,It is one of the few things I even remember from back then .
12,null,null,I am very strongly Christian but
13,null,null,even then I feel like God made me on accident .
14,null,null,Like my entire existence is a mistake .
15,null,null,I do not know what to do .
238 7
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Depression , I am so fucking sick of you .
2,null,null,Whatever I do , whatever I achieve-
3,null,null,You will not let go of me .
4,null,null,I am just
5,null,null,so over the limit , I can not take this pessimistic life style anymore .
6,null,null,I am so fucking sick of this shit show .
7,null,null,You demonic piece of shit I am done with you .
239 11
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I have a gripe about pharmaceutical and insurance companies .
2,null,null,You can take up to 450 mg / day of Wellbutrin XL .
3,null,null,The manufacturer makes 150 mg and 300 mg pills , but .
4,null,null,not a 450 mg pill
5,null,null,OK , so just take 3 of the 150 is , right ?
6,null,null,Well if the doctor prescribes it that way , at least one insurance company will not pay for it .
7,null,null,The doctor has to prescribe it as one 300 mg pill plus one 150 mg pill - thereby making the patient have to pay 2 co - payments for what should be one prescription .
8,null,null,Why does not the manufacturer make a 450 mg pill ?
9,null,null,And how can the insurance companies get away with forcing doctors to prescribe in what is really a stupid manner ?
10,null,null,I know it all comes down to money , but ,
11,null,null,of course , we patients get the short end of the stick as usual when it comes to the money issue .
240 25
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,First I want to introduce myself , I live in Arkansas
2,null,null,I am 39 and a mom to 4 ( 18 , 15 , 8 and 3 )
3,null,null,I have been on and off different antidepressants for almost 4 years .
4,null,null,Started out with celexa after I had my last baby , went through some ppd and .
5,null,null,have not been the same since
6,null,null,I was on celexa for 14 months then stopped for 7 months , then .
7,null,null,went back on it and totally had a bad reaction
8,null,null,Then came zoloft , that lasted about 3 months sent me in to some sort of mania , then there was wellbutrin , , then came effexor which I thought worked
9,null,null,wanted to drive off the road in to the lake on that
10,null,null,but apparently I also was going through rapid cycling , I kind of liked that .
11,null,null,I spent 3 months on that and about a month on the wellbutrin .
12,null,null,Then came paxil cr
13,null,null,, was on that for 6 months
14,null,null,but I just ca nt get past these mood swings and outbursts .
15,null,null,So now I have been on Lexapro for almost 3 months , today the doctor decided to increase me to 20 mg and add lamictal for my mood swings .
16,null,null,I am a little nervous about starting this new one .
17,null,null,This rash I hear about sounds scary .
18,null,null,I also take 1 mg of klonopin as needed(everyday )
19,null,null,I just wonder if I will ever feel the same again , but
20,null,null,then it has been so long that I do not know if I would even know that feels what like .
21,null,null,Sorry to ramble on , but
22,null,null,that is my story .
23,null,null,I am to start the lamictal tonight .
24,null,null,wish me luck ! !
25,null,null,If anyone has any input for me I would really appreciate it
241 8
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,You ever get scared that you are not depressed ?
2,null,null,I have been going to a therapist for about a half a year now , and .
3,null,null,I just got diagnosed with Depression a couple of weeks ago
4,null,null,I have recently told my parents that I got diagnosed ( I am a teenager . )
5,null,null,and they just said that I am going through average teenage feelings .
6,null,null,This really lead to me questioning myself , I told my therapist and
7,null,null,he said that I am depressed
8,null,null,but I still feel like shit .
242 16
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,i feel like i keep sinking lower and lower into this depression , and
2,null,null,i can not get out from under it .
3,null,null,i keep feeling worse , .
4,null,null,day by day , i am drifting downwards further into the darkness
5,null,null,maybe i am just having a tougher time of it lately , maybe i really am getting sicker , i do not know .
6,null,null,all i do know is how i feel , and
7,null,null,i feel like giving up .
8,null,null,i do not want to do anything anymore , i have no desire to do or want a single thing .
9,null,null,i can not live like this .
10,null,null,i just want out , to stop feeling so lethargic and so severely depressed .
11,null,null,It is getting to me a lot more
12,null,null,i guess ,
13,null,null,but i just do not want to be like this anymore .
14,null,null,It is taking me over and , and
15,null,null,swallowing me whole
16,null,null,i feel like letting it win .
243 35
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Tomorrow the world will go on like always I have never been here ..
2,null,null,this was not a part of " the plan "
3,null,null,but I said why not leave something somewhere since no one else will be receiving anything .
4,null,null,I have lived 20 years by myself ,
5,null,null,no relationships , no close friends , and the memories of being taken advantage of in my youth haunt me day in and day out .
6,null,null,I run away through drugs but
7,null,null,my depression is beginning to break through my facade of confidence .
8,null,null,No one knows who I am and even if presented with a companion
9,null,null,I do not know if I could ever explain the scars .
10,null,null,I hate who I am and how I act , I feel though it is not even me .
11,null,null,Social anxiety makes me act in ways I can not even understand and the repetition of " I am okay " is getting old .
12,null,null,I have tried to make friends but
13,null,null,no one seems to want to know me
14,null,null,and it is left me feeling like a sociopath .
15,null,null,Insanity overcomes me as I scream , clenching a blade that can no longer quiet my mind .
16,null,null,I have tried so hard to not be ignorant or selfish
17,null,null,but I can not handle this anymore .
18,null,null,The need of hospitalizations and psychologists remind me of the freak I am .
19,null,null,I strive for perfection but .
20,null,null,am the opposite of it
21,null,null,I have so much love that I want to express but have no place to put it .
22,null,null,I was raised religious but
23,null,null,have so many doubts
24,null,null,, my problem maybe is not ignorance but overthinking
25,null,null,, I hope ..
26,null,null,Nobody seems to understand subjectivity / relativity .
27,null,null,There is much to be said but
28,null,null,this will probably find its own void .
29,null,null,I am dreaming of a different world , but .
30,null,null,the oblivion of what I do not know plagues me
31,null,null,I leave my love and peace here , may you find yours . "
32,null,null,..
33,null,null,because this is how things ought to have been
34,null,null,and I know the worst of it was not all that it seemed , why can not I dream ?
35,null,null,do I care to dream .. "
244 12
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,It is all just a never ending struggle Life is a war .
2,null,null,A war to find a job and to find a SO .
3,null,null,And a war with yourself if you can not find one those things .
4,null,null,Life is crap .
5,null,null,I think my parents did not want to have a child , but
6,null,null,they made me anyway , so it will not be their fault that they did not " continue " .
7,null,null,They made me a shy , helpless , depressed , anxious moron who is not able to achieve anything .
8,null,null,Fuck life , it is full of crap .
9,null,null,If there would be a suicide pill I would take it right away , but
10,null,null,I would make them suffer .
11,null,null,And who the fuck would care if I die beside my parents ?
12,null,null,Man fuck this .
245 24
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am so tired .
2,null,null,So tired of everything .
3,null,null,I lost mostly everything I have cared about in such a short timeframe .
4,null,null,My father went from cancer diagnosis to dead in a 3 month time span .
5,null,null,My friends do not deserve to deal with me
6,null,null,so I have isolated myself .
7,null,null,They just enjoy shitposting and memeing , not a pathetic emo child who is literally incapable of being happy right now .
8,null,null,One of my closest friends and unfortunately now ex - gf , not only do I still hate myself for how I was
9,null,null,but I can not even bring myself to talk to her , I am just a pathetic waste of a human .
10,null,null,All notifications on everything have been off for nearly a week , I do not get on discord anymore .
11,null,null,I just feel so alone , so helpless , so very tired both physically and mentally .
12,null,null,Even something as simple as having to raid on WoW , my anxiety is horrible with dealing currently
13,null,null,and I constantly stress out about people finding out that I am unhappy because I do not want anyone to see me like this .
14,null,null,It is pathetic .
15,null,null,It is the only isocial ' thing I do anymore
16,null,null,and I do not even want to do that .
17,null,null,Playing a videogame is too stressful .
18,null,null,P a t h e t
19,null,null,i c.
20,null,null,There is no fixing me
21,null,null,I have come to realize , I just accept what is going to happen to me since I know I do not deserve to be happy .
22,null,null,Just needed to get some thoughts out , I have gotten about 2 hours of sleep in the last 3 days and
23,null,null,it is not for the lack of trying .
24,null,null,I just wish I knew how to fix myself when I was still fixable .
246 7
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,there s nothing to look forward to
2,null,null,i used to tell myself that after high school things will improve , I can get away from home and college .
3,null,null,will be fun
4,null,null,i guess i wo nt really know until i m there , but
5,null,null,i m not excited at all for college .
6,null,null,I feel like i m going to go through the motions in college and end up alone in a shitty job i do nt care about since i do nt care about anything and
7,null,null,everything will just spiral downwards
247 6
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Extrovert stuck in an introverts lifestyle
2,null,null,I m at a point in my life where I rely on social interactions for happiness .
3,null,null,I hate being alone .
4,null,null,The only problem with this is I have never known / wanted to actively make friends .
5,null,null,I m stuck in a dark spot and
6,null,null,I do not know how to introduce more people in my life .
248 26
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,When I was twelve , one of my younger sisters got leukemia .
2,null,null,Despite my failing memory I can still remember a lot of what happened back then .
3,null,null,I can remember being picked up at the park where I was playing to rush to the hospital where my sister had been getting tested .
4,null,null,You could say I was whisked away from my innocence , but
5,null,null,you are pretentious and I am not .
6,null,null,I can remember how my mother broke the news to me .
7,null,null,And how her voice cracked a little when I asked how bad she had it .
8,null,null,I can remember sitting in the front room of my grandparent is place , where I was staying so my parents could be with my sister in hospital , speaking to my cousin and saying that I felt it was somehow my fault .
9,null,null,What followed was roughly a year of total disruption .
10,null,null,My sister became the focus , understandably , while the rest of us learned to cope with the cloud hanging over us .
11,null,null,Where a small rise in temperature could send hearts racing .
12,null,null,But that has mostly been forgotten .
13,null,null,Not blocked away , just forgotten .
14,null,null,It was another age and .
15,null,null,does not feel real anymore
16,null,null,In the past few months the hospital has been doing a study of ex - patients and their families .
17,null,null,Tonight it was my turn to do the phone interview .
18,null,null,I would been avoiding it , mostly because I am lazy and I only ever seem to do things that I feel will be enjoyable to me .
19,null,null,Anyway , so they called through and
20,null,null,I spoke .
21,null,null,I do not think there were really any surprises , although it was bizarre when I became conscious to the fact that I occurred to her getting cancer as it or that .
22,null,null,I think I only said cancer once in the entire interview .
23,null,null,Does that mean I am crazy ?
24,null,null,Struggling to cope ?
25,null,null,I do not know .
26,null,null,Of the questions they asked , I do not think I answered any that would cause a worry .
249 18
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I [ 18f]do not know what is wrong with me .
2,null,null,The past year has been good for me .
3,null,null,I have not been nearly as suicidal as past years
4,null,null,and I have gotten back in school and .
5,null,null,met the love of my life but the past few weeks/ days I have been sinking really bad
6,null,null,I ve distanced myself from my boyfriend and my very few friends .
7,null,null,I have just laid in bed and .
8,null,null,thought about ending everything
9,null,null,I do not know why the sudden lack of will to live .
10,null,null,It is like I am 15 again and I am scared any moment
11,null,null,I will end my life .
12,null,null,I do not want to want this .
13,null,null,I have cats that nobody would take and a little sister that would be devastated .
14,null,null,I think my future could be amazing
15,null,null,but I am not sure it is worth feelings like this much longer .
16,null,null,I have nobody to call to distract me bc
17,null,null,my boyfriend is busy and
18,null,null,I am so scared .
250 7
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,How to not be discouraged that I suck and people younger than me are better Love playing guitar and piano
2,null,null,but I am 16 and people who are like fucking 7.8,9
3,null,null,, 10 are beasts like I wish I could join a band and shit like them
4,null,null,but I just started playing like a month ago
5,null,null,and I am really bad and slow and horrible and
6,null,null,not progressing st the rate I want to even though I put in so much effort also playing gives me anxiety even though I like it
7,null,null,I am always just so scared and agitated ):
251 19
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I think I am dropping out of college Been depressed for a while
2,null,null,and I am currently on medication and about to start therapy .
3,null,null,Last semester I missed a lot of my classes and
4,null,null,made everyone in school worry , managed to save the semester with good grades thanks to some amazing teachers and the new semester just started
5,null,null,but I do not think I can do it .
6,null,null,I stared missing class again and
7,null,null,everything just stresses me out so much .
8,null,null,I do not even know if this is what I want to do with my life , but
9,null,null,I know my parents really want to see me with a degree
10,null,null,and I do not want to disappoint them
11,null,null,( also I am terrified of telling them )
12,null,null,God
13,null,null,I hate this feeling , I am really freaking out right now .
14,null,null,I do not know if what I want to do is right , maybe it will make things worse , maybe I am just a lazy horrible student .
15,null,null,Right now I am just gathering the courage to tell my parents
16,null,null,, I know it has to be today .
17,null,null,Anyone else in a similar situation ?
18,null,null,Any thoughts or ?
19,null,null,advice
252 25
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Now this stupid posting thing is screwed up -
2,null,null,I can not do anything right
3,null,null,Got the old depressed suicide bug again .
4,null,null,It is funny because last night i read some articles I had written regarding death and suicide , many about saving other depressed persons from killing themselves , recognizing the pain that the survivors go through , and not wanting it to happen to my family .
5,null,null,And then the thought rears its ugly head , it would be so easy to let myself go , go into that peaceful night , waiting until my mom dies first ( soon - natural causes ) and then doing it .
6,null,null,Because I am a failure , I can not do anything else but .
7,null,null,fail at my job
8,null,null,I used to write in a cave type place - a place where my writings would be secure and it is going away .
9,null,null,That is how come I looked at my writings .
10,null,null,I had told my therapist that it seems sometimes I feel angry and selfish and that is one of the triggers that trigger the thoughts of suicide .
11,null,null,I have run out of visits covered by insurance
12,null,null,I could pay for more but
13,null,null,there is no need for visits
14,null,null,- I have almost stopped talking .
15,null,null,I feel like going home , crawling up on my bed with the teddy bear my husband hates and crying .
16,null,null,At the cave web site , the others do not like to hear about suicide
17,null,null,so I have stopped writing there
18,null,null,( it is another site for depression type people -
19,null,null,no one goes there now ) .
20,null,null,I keep talking about death and suicide to my husband and my kid - and
21,null,null,I feel guilty but the words and my thoughts are obsessed with death .
22,null,null,I can make the decisions about my mom and my kid , but .
23,null,null,this halfway limbo concerning my states sucks
24,null,null,I guess this is just venting .
25,null,null,My mom has at least another week to live ..
253 16
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Things seem to follow you everywhere , things such as thinking of suicide and .
2,null,null,almost doing it
3,null,null,I did these things a few years ago well in a term of service with the US Army and .
4,null,null,was put in a ward for a few weeks and then released without even a proper name for I was suffering what ever from , and was sent to Iraq a week after leaving the ward
5,null,null,That as I said was a few years ago and I really never wound up in a hospital again yet , after I returned home and since it seems everyone knew I had one little problem .
6,null,null,A problem that seems to plague me even to this day for I am now in the reserves and was yet sent to go back to Iraq
7,null,null,but I was sent home due to on going mental problems from a few years ago .
8,null,null,What I really want to know is there something really wrong with me or .
9,null,null,is this just a huge joke
10,null,null,I have been to doctors more then once and just with really nothing to go on but a shaken head .
11,null,null,so I just was hoping someone out there knows or been though this really , as for my feelings inside it is hard for me to express I do not like to talk much of what goes on up stairs
12,null,null,do to at times I do not really understand why at times I either feel like hurting someone or just having that lump in my throat feeling like I am going to cry
13,null,null,but I can not .
14,null,null,Anyway answers please and
15,null,null,this is my first ever post here
16,null,null,I due hope you can read my rambling .
254 34
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Hi everyone , I am new , and .
2,null,null,feeling kind of lost and shy
3,null,null,To introduce myself a little , I am a 28 year old female .
4,null,null,Up until about a year ago , I would never had any problem with depression or any other mental illness , though all of the other women in my family have depressive tendencies .
5,null,null,Suddenly , I started to feel differently in my mind - a feeling which has gone on getting worse and worse .
6,null,null,The last four months in particular have been a downward spiral .
7,null,null,I moved house from a big city to a small village late last year , and
8,null,null,I am not dealing with the change well .
9,null,null,I do not know anyone in my local area , and
10,null,null,I do not drive
11,null,null,so I am stuck in this little isolated world ( I work from home ) .
12,null,null,I lack the energy and the confidence to go out and meet new people .
13,null,null,I tend to organize /
14,null,null,run everything in our household
15,null,null,so basic routines have just fallen apart , and
16,null,null,my long - term relationship is under strain .
17,null,null,My partner does not understand how I feel , while I resent the fact that he is making no effort to recognize the problem and take some action to help .
18,null,null,My family and friends are 300 miles away , and
19,null,null,I do not feel able to talk to them .
20,null,null,This last week , I found out my Mum is having tests run for breast cancer .
21,null,null,I know it is early days
22,null,null,but it is just the last little thing that has pushed me over the edge .
23,null,null,I am walking around either in a state of complete , grey numbness or in a state of unutterable misery , unable to react to anything in a rational way .
24,null,null,I have not left the house for days , because I hate the village where I live and being there
25,null,null,just sends me into a blind panic attack .
26,null,null,I have had an initial assessment for counseling in a city near where I live , but
27,null,null,it will be weeks before I can get an appointment .
28,null,null,I know that I need to go and see a GP and get some medication , but
29,null,null,I do not have the energy even to pick up the phone and talk to the receptionist , let alone to walk on my own through the horrible village .
30,null,null,And I am just so exhausted all the time .
31,null,null,The internet is my only point of contact with the outside world at the moment .
32,null,null,If all this sounds familiar to anyone , please reply -
33,null,null,it would be a lifeline for me .
34,null,null,Thanks Wizzy .
255 9
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,The time is ticking ..
2,null,null," It is just a matter of time " ( well everything is a matter of time really ) " It is just a phase "
3,null,null,( it is not ) " get off your ass , how much time have you spent like a worthless vegetable " ( no , a lot and thanks )
4,null,null," good days will come " ( but
5,null,null,they never stay )
6,null,null," Eh , you will grow out of it " ( good to know
7,null,null," I do not have time for your shit " ( I did not invite you fam )
8,null,null," kill yourself already , like what are you waiting for ? "
9,null,null,( the right moment )
256 55
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Hi - I am " dad " a new member today ( 12/18/05 )
2,null,null,I like what I have seen so far and have a need to express myself and get some feedback from others .
3,null,null,It is so hard to look at yourself .. especially when wearing the " dark glasses " of depression .
4,null,null,I am a man in my late 40 is - educated , with family- wife and two great , smart , loving kids , 15 , and 13 .
5,null,null,I will try to summarize my story .
6,null,null,About 5 yrs ago , I was laid off (
7,null,null,tech field) .. it was very hard to find another good position .
8,null,null,We were so spoiled , I was making 70 K - 100 K in the past few years .
9,null,null,We took it for granted .
10,null,null,We built ( 4 ) new houses since 1989 - and .
11,null,null,did well
12,null,null,We enrolled our kids in a private Christian school ( a high priority for us )
13,null,null,THEN - My wife was in a auto accident and .
14,null,null,has spinal damage
15,null,null,She is " mobile " , but .
16,null,null,has chronic pain
17,null,null,She is also suffering from depression .
18,null,null,I managed to find another job , but
19,null,null,it was a very dysfunctional place .
20,null,null,I had to take a few leave - of absences -
21,null,null,then I became " pegged " as a weak person .
22,null,null,They eventually let me go for
23,null,null," too many LOA is " I am paying $ 800 for COBRA
24,null,null,- we can not do this forever ..
25,null,null,the pressure just adds to my anxiety .
26,null,null,After seeing my psychiatrist , he took me through MANY medicines and even ECT
27,null,null,is ..
28,null,null,we tried for three years to find the most effective drug .
29,null,null,Presently I take Zoloft , Cymbalta , Lamictal , Xanax & Valium for anxiety .
30,null,null,I also have osteopenia ( bone density loss ) ,
31,null,null,so I take , fosamax and Tylenol 4 ( narcotic ) for back / joint pain .
32,null,null,Lastly , I use Soma for muscle strain .
33,null,null,I do not know if the medicines are helping me or adding to the problem .. ?
34,null,null,I admit I " lean on " some of the medicines as a coping mechanism .
35,null,null,I have had so many situational events in the last few years
36,null,null,, I suspect my depression is more environmentally caused .. ?
37,null,null,I seem to ruminate on the " bad events of the past " too much .
38,null,null,I am " stuck " - and .
39,null,null,just can not seem to get aggressive at my job hunt
40,null,null,We just sold our 6 bedroom house and .
41,null,null,are now living in a three bedroom apartment
42,null,null,I feel guilty that my family has to go through this .
43,null,null,I know that I have skills and experience ; but
44,null,null,I do not have the self confidence -
45,null,null,my ego is " on the floor " .
46,null,null,My sleep pattern is crazy and
47,null,null,my appetite for food ( and sex ) is GONE .
48,null,null,My wife is getting frustrated with me and ..
49,null,null,does not always " build me up "
50,null,null,Her depression has her down too ..
51,null,null,With two depressed parents , it is very difficult to support each other .
52,null,null,I feel " stuck " and ..
53,null,null,do not know what to do
54,null,null,sometimes I just feel like giving up ..
55,null,null,Any comments or thoughts would be appreciated !
257 13
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,School is making me so stressed It is all the time .
2,null,null,I fell asleep last night feeling okay about stuff
3,null,null,but woke up anxious and .
4,null,null,depressed
5,null,null,not wanting to go to my classes
6,null,null,I have been failing 2 of my most important classes
7,null,null,and I just have no reason to keep going to them .
8,null,null,It is finals week
9,null,null,and I have been stressed about finals since school started .
10,null,null,I do not even know if I want to stay in school anymore because I do not want to feel like this .
11,null,null,I have also been slacking off so much on homework .
12,null,null,It does not matter to me anymore
13,null,null,it just feels so useless to do .
258 41
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Hello everyone .
2,null,null,I am here because I am starting to have doubts about my mental health ..
3,null,null,First off I am a 21 year old male college student , and
4,null,null,up until
5,null,null,about 2 years ago I think I have been fine ..
6,null,null,but lately I am not so sure .
7,null,null,For one thing I can not seem to concentrate or focus on ANYTHING anymore and
8,null,null,it is becoming very frustrating .
9,null,null,I find myself daydreaming or pacing only minutes after I sat down to do something important and because of it I can not get anything done .
10,null,null,I can not even focus on things that should be fun , or the things I used to be dedicated too .
11,null,null,I have also become very philosophical .
12,null,null,I always find myself spending a lot of time thinking about life and death , ..
13,null,null,the nature of existence , etc
14,null,null,But it seems like its becoming an obsession .
15,null,null,I always feel like I am wasting time
16,null,null,but I can not bring myself to do anything constructive .
17,null,null,Sometimes I am disgusted when I realize how much time I spend simply pacing back and forth .
18,null,null,I also can not fall asleep at night anymore ..
19,null,null,I just lie awake thinking
20,null,null,and I can not make it stop .
21,null,null,I also have constant fears about becoming old and having regrets about how I lived and what I accomplished .
22,null,null,I also have constant regrets about the past .
23,null,null,It seems like there is nothing I can do in life to satisfy myself and it driving me crazy .. especially because for all the ambition
24,null,null,I have
25,null,null,I have no motivation whatsoever anymore .
26,null,null,Also it is hard to explain , but
27,null,null,I get the feeling that I can not feel life , if that makes any sense ?
28,null,null,It is like time is moving so fast that I can not even realize it .
29,null,null,Anyway , I was never like this before
30,null,null,and I have no reason to be like this now .
31,null,null,I do not have relationship problems or family problems and
32,null,null,I am not religious .
33,null,null,This all just came out of nowhere with no apparent cause .
34,null,null,Basically it has come to the point where I know something is wrong with me
35,null,null,but I do not know what .
36,null,null,I have kept telling myself this is nothing but its getting more intense and now I feel like I am spiraling into a void or something .
37,null,null,I guess I am simply here to seek some opinions on what my problem could be .
38,null,null,Thanks a lot for taking the time .
39,null,null,PS I may have posted this in the wrong place but
40,null,null,its my first post
41,null,null,so I am not sure ..
259 5
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Is it normal to have bad thoughts at night ?
2,null,null,Almost every night for the past few months now ends up with me either crying in a pillow and thinking about how shitty my life has been , or researching and thinking about fast ways to die .
3,null,null,Is this normal ?
4,null,null,I do not take any medications , nothing has happened to me / anybody in my family recently , and
5,null,null,it normally happens at around 1 or 2 A.M.
260 41
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Severe Ibs and depression combo is a death sentence
2,null,null,Hi
3,null,null,I posted a few times on this forum last year April sometine due to my depression and
4,null,null,I am posting again because well , it is back .
5,null,null,So I am just going to write a few things about myself and why I am posting here .
6,null,null,I m
7,null,null,a 20 year old guy from London , England and I have been depressed for about 2 years now .
8,null,null,I was also diagnosed with IBS about 7 or so years ago .
9,null,null,I was at university for digital media and
10,null,null,I finished .
11,null,null,My first year but
12,null,null,when the second year started my IBS symptoms got worse and I was I physically unable to go .
13,null,null,thankfully the university gave me a year off and .
14,null,null,said I can start my second year next year after I get better
15,null,null,However it just seems to be getting worse not better .
16,null,null,I can barely go outside without going through severe anxiety attacks which leads to horrible pains in my stomach for which I need to go home to go toilet for , when it was really bad
17,null,null,I would feel very faint and .
18,null,null,start having panic attacks
19,null,null,It reached the point where I was practically housebound .
20,null,null,I spent like 3 months playing games , watching anime and TV shows and the pains started to get a bit better .
21,null,null,Then 2 days ago I went toilet and
22,null,null,it happened again , severe pain , feeling very uneasy and then boom out of nowhere crippling depression
23,null,null,, the waves just hit me .
24,null,null,I began feeling hopeless again , I felt unsatisfied with life .
25,null,null,Not just my life , but .
26,null,null,life in general
27,null,null,Thanks to my love of Anime , Webnovels , Games and Movies
28,null,null,I started to wish my life was like that .
29,null,null,I know it is childish , but
30,null,null,deep down it is just how I felt .
31,null,null,I could not accept reality , it was too mundane for me
32,null,null,and I was not satisfied just sitting there everyday just watching or reading things .
33,null,null,But I could not do anything about it because everytime I try to do something my IBS kicks in and basically cripples me .
34,null,null,And I know that even if I try and do something , it is not really what I want .
35,null,null,I do not want my life to be normal .
36,null,null,All I would really be doing is trying to avoid the pain that it will never happen .
37,null,null,I know this is long and it might be hard to emphasize with me if you do not really understand it .
38,null,null,But I just felt like I really wanted to say something and see if maybe there were other people like me .
39,null,null,I guess you could say I am looking for friends who can understand me
40,null,null,, I am hoping that maybe it will make living a little easier if I have people to talk about the things I love with who also understand what it is like going through depression .
41,null,null,That is the conclusion I came up with anyway Thanks for reading
261 19
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am 43 years old and
2,null,null,I still feel that I am dealing with my parents ' terrible marriage .
3,null,null,I feel like I do not know anyone else who is in this situation .
4,null,null,I have teenage children and but
5,null,null,have found that I can not just move away because they are so embedded in their school and friends ,
6,null,null,sometimes , just once and for all , I want to live away from my folks .
7,null,null,Their marriage has always been terribly dysfunctional and
8,null,null,now it is much worse as they are older .
9,null,null,When I was young , it was awful , but
10,null,null,I still felt like there was some love there .
11,null,null,Now , I fell like I witness nothing but hatred between them .
12,null,null,I have confronted them many times -
13,null,null,but , there is a strong sense of manipulation whenever this happens
14,null,null,and I am left feeling that it is somehow my fault that I do not want to be around miserable people - Any suggestions ?
15,null,null,How can I finally live my own life ?
16,null,null,I am really depressed tonight .
17,null,null,I feel like I can not continue living like this .
18,null,null,I am a grown women and
19,null,null,I am still living around and letting my parents ' miserable marriage effect me .
262 15
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I do nt have friends .
2,null,null,So i was talking over phone to my female best friend .
3,null,null,I was sharing my problem with her
4,null,null,i had recently .
5,null,null,Now we supposed to hung up .
6,null,null,But unfortunately phone did not cut .
7,null,null,And i was able to listen her .
8,null,null,She was telling my thing to her roommate in cooked manner .
9,null,null,And I came to know that she was jealous of me all those years because I was good than her in studies and anything .
10,null,null,And she was thanking god for failing me in my recent exam .
11,null,null,This thing just broke my soul .
12,null,null,She was the last person i could trust .
13,null,null,Now I am depressed af .
14,null,null,I did nt say a thing to her till now , i hung up phone myself , when i could nt listen more .
15,null,null,I do nt know how to react when i am going to meet her next time .
263 41
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I have been in a constant rush to try and get on my feet for the last three years , but
2,null,null,I always end up doing nothing about it .
3,null,null,I have forgotten what motivation is all about .
4,null,null,Hey there , I just turned 22 .
5,null,null,And this is my situation : About three years ago , I used to feel excited about everything .
6,null,null,Finishing school , starting my studies at a university , being self - sufficient , finally doing what I thought was my future career .
7,null,null,I am not sure what happened , but
8,null,null,I started losing my drive .
9,null,null,Things did not look as exciting , nor .
10,null,null,entertaining
11,null,null,Never having even kissed a girl , I felt alone and loveless .
12,null,null,Still , I felt motivated enough to start working on my social skills , .
13,null,null,met a few people over the Internet , even got a girlfriend
14,null,null,( Thanks to the Internet
15,null,null,I have a social life , as ironic as that sounds , even though it is not that good ) .
16,null,null,Fast forward to this year , I was able to date a couple more girls ,
17,null,null,had a good time
18,null,null,but they all ended too soon .
19,null,null,I have never been able to have sex with the girls I have been with because I lost my sex drive in the course of these last years .
20,null,null,Also the extremely low self esteem and self hatred do not help .
21,null,null,Today , I find myself unable to even have a conversation with someone , mostly girls .
22,null,null,I can not come up with anything to talk about
23,null,null,and I feel like all the things I learned about social skills have gone away suddenly .
24,null,null,How do people have such natural conversations with one another ?
25,null,null,How did I manage to do it before ?
26,null,null,I feel like I want new friends , I want to have a good time , but .
27,null,null,can not figure out where to go , or what to do to achieve that
28,null,null,Regarding my studies , this year was a slow one .
29,null,null,In the time I should have completed 50 % of my career , I only completed around 20 % .
30,null,null,I started visiting a psychologist because I can not get myself to study for my exams
31,null,null,( I am not cooperating much with him ) , and
32,null,null,all I do is worry about it though I never take up the responsibility .
33,null,null,I am fully aware of the fact that things do not come if you just sit and wait , but I can not bring myself to do anything other than complain .
34,null,null,Meanwhile I feel like my mind wants to run , but .
35,null,null,does not know which way to go , and my body will not budge
36,null,null,I think 24/7 about how I am getting older , and
37,null,null,I am wasting every second of my life .
38,null,null,I am completely lost and .
39,null,null,feel like everything I do is going nowhere
40,null,null,And I do not even know how to end this post , just wanted to put this somewhere and hopefully get some solutions or words of encouragement from people who have been through the same .
41,null,null,Sorry for the long read .
264 16
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Questionable at best
2,null,null,So I have been having depression / anxiety problems since middle school , I have suicidal thoughts time to time , but
3,null,null,I have no desire to act on them ?
4,null,null,I do not mean to waste anybody , but
5,null,null,is time
6,null,null,sometimes it is really odd
7,null,null,, I get these thoughts all the time usually after something angers me or upsets me , but
8,null,null,later on I just continue with my day .
9,null,null,My depression is not too serious , I have had small attempts , like holding a hand full of pills but never going through with it .
10,null,null,My anxiety seems to be more severe than any other problem I have .
11,null,null,I will be at work , just doing whatever and bam
12,null,null,, I get anxious out of nowhere .
13,null,null,I try breathing exercises to no avail , eventually it goes away ..
14,null,null,I usually smoke a bunch of weed and
15,null,null,that seems to work
16,null,null,but I can not do that at work or anything , anything I can do to help with that without drugs ?
265 33
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Glad I can help !
2,null,null,Firelizardee has helped me a lot over on the effexor room ( that is where most of my posts are ) .
3,null,null,I have never really posted my story , but
4,null,null,for what it is worth , here it is : I live in northern New York State where I grew up on the family farm .
5,null,null,My brother and I run a feed / hardware / farm supply store .
6,null,null,I have got a terrific wife and two daughters .
7,null,null,ages 1 and 3
8,null,null,My depression hit in January during a bout with the flu ; my youngest daughter was hospitalized with febrile seizures and .
9,null,null,that might be what put me over the edge
10,null,null,My nervous breakdown seemed to come out of the blue , but
11,null,null,I would had an extremely stressful six months between job , illness , and adoption .
12,null,null,I am also a hard driving firstborn perfectionist , and
13,null,null,several family members have had alcoholism or suspected depression .
14,null,null,So I guess depression should not have been so big a surprise , but
15,null,null,it was .
16,null,null,I am a happy person with a great life !
17,null,null,But I feel like I have been right to the edge of the precipice and looked down at Hell .
18,null,null,Now I am doing everything I can to ensure I do not relapse ..
19,null,null,but I actually think I am a better person having been through this .
20,null,null,I am much more appreciative of a ' good day ' and
21,null,null,I am much more attuned to the suffering of others .
22,null,null,It is amazing how many people I know have similar problems .
23,null,null,And I hate that it has to be this way , but
24,null,null,suffering does bring me closer to God .
25,null,null,I hardly dare say that depression and anxiety was ' worth it' ..
26,null,null,the memory of the anguish is still too vivid , and
27,null,null,besides , it could come back tomorrow .
28,null,null,But right now , today , I feel more contented with my crazy , precious , stupid , dear , wasted , amazing life than I have been in years .
29,null,null,I am very lucky to have stumbled onto the right medication the first time , and ' .
30,null,null,to have a supportive family that did not tell me to isnap out of it
31,null,null,And I am very lucky to have the people here in this forum , who know what it is like .
32,null,null,I hope , tvk , that in a few weeks you too will be a recovering depression survivor .
33,null,null,Till then , we are here when you need us !
266 13
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Eating meals alone at college has to be one of the single worst feelings one can experience at college
2,null,null,I feel awful right now , orientation was okay
3,null,null,i guess , made a few acquaintances
4,null,null,but that s it
5,null,null,, i feel i do nt really have any friends yet ,
6,null,null,i just transferred to this school , living on my own for the first time , and
7,null,null,i ve always struggled making friends , and just sitting here in the dining hall by myself just makes me want to burst into tears , maybe going away is nt and never will be for me :/
8,null,null,, sucks how my whole life
9,null,null,i ca nt seem to make friends , then finally i make 2 really good friends
10,null,null,and i move away
11,null,null,and i m back to square one ,
12,null,null,fuck me seriously
13,null,null,, i just ca nt win
267 14
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Hi everyone I am pleased to have found this place , maybe I will find some people here who understand what it is like to be struggling with depression .
2,null,null,I am currently locked in my own personal hell caused by years of problems that I would never wish on anyone .
3,null,null,I have tried to cope on my own for about 15 years
4,null,null,( I am 28 ) , everything has started to go well in my own life and .
5,null,null,now is the time that it has found a way out ( or that is what my psychiatrist has told me )
6,null,null,I was married on my birthday in 2005 ( I keep calling it this year because I keep forgetting that were now in 2006 ) and
7,null,null,my husband tries to understand but how can he really ?
8,null,null,I am off work at the moment because it is too much for me to cope with .
9,null,null,I have recently been forced into getting help and
10,null,null,I am waiting for counseling at the moment
11,null,null,( there is a 10 week waiting list ) .
12,null,null,I have also been on 10 mg cipralex for the last 18 months .
13,null,null,I think that is enough to be going on with for now , and its got to be the most somber intro I have ever written !
14,null,null,I do look forward to chatting to you all Deb x
268 14
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Everyday I wake up and
2,null,null,get into character Do any of y'
3,null,null,all ever feel like you get up and get into character ?
4,null,null,Like the real you is not conscious ?
5,null,null,I get up go to work ,
6,null,null,talk to people and say what is expected to be heard
7,null,null,but I never say what I am truly thinking .
8,null,null,They ask me how are you ?
9,null,null,I answer back good quickly but .
10,null,null,do not really think about it
11,null,null,I smile when I lock eyes with someone , I greet everyone enthusiastically , on the outside looking in people
12,null,null,think I am the happiest person
13,null,null,but really I am not at all .
14,null,null,Idek if this makes sense but basically I am just wondering if any of y' all go through or have gone through this as well ?
269 46
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Thoughest time of my life , and
2,null,null,honestly i ca nt show it
3,null,null,So i meet this girl for nearly 2 years ago .
4,null,null,I would say we are probably more then best friends , we are soul friends .
5,null,null,For over a year we talked about me moving to their town , so i can get closer to her , her husband and her kids .
6,null,null,We have literally been talking for nearly 2 years straight .
7,null,null,I understand that she is getting abit tired of me now , but
8,null,null,i just moved 1 week ago and she has bearly talked to me once .
9,null,null,She is so busy playing video games right now , the only one that really has helped me this past week is her husband .
10,null,null,I feel i moved so far for nothing , and
11,null,null,now its KILLING me .
12,null,null,and since i wo nt have internet for a while , i m getting bored out of my mind , and
13,null,null,my depression is hitting me so hard ..
14,null,null,I did confront her about this though , but
15,null,null,she keeps saying she is depressed and the only way for her is to play games .
16,null,null,Even tho
17,null,null,when i play games , she keeps going to private worlds with friends , and
18,null,null,whenever i as for an invite , she ignores it , even tho
19,null,null,it pops up a big icon on her face .
20,null,null,My life has been so hard lately , my mom lost her kids in court , other then that , my stepdad made an false accusation of me doing stuff to a child becasuse
21,null,null,he is a fucking moron and .
22,null,null,wanted to ruin my life for fun
23,null,null,( And no , i did nt do anything to a kid just FYI ) .
24,null,null,I won the case but
25,null,null,it was ever lasting 3 years ..
26,null,null,Other thatn that i ve been bullied for 15 years , i have lived alone for since i was 16 .
27,null,null,Aswell
28,null,null,i m a very VERY jelous guy
29,null,null,, so i m not gon na deny that , and
30,null,null,here is one of the issues with this
31,null,null,: MY EX fucked my life up with cheating on me , and
32,null,null,since then i have big trust issues ,
33,null,null,aswell
34,null,null,i tend to get very jelous now when my best friend is getting new friends and seems to have more fun with them then me .
35,null,null,Tho , i know my best friend would never leave me since she wanted me up here anyway , but the jelousy that she is having such a good time with others are ripping my life apart .
36,null,null,The past 5 Months has been depression only , and .
37,null,null,Honestly if people has gone through as much as me these past 5 months with suicidal thought every day , they would of gone mental
38,null,null,I have a very strong mind , so
39,null,null,it takes alot to take me down mentally , but for some reason , i m lost
40,null,null,and i do nt know what to do .
41,null,null,Half of the time i just wanna sit and cry .
42,null,null,Before i was friend with her , i had a depression
43,null,null,but it was nt that bad .
44,null,null,I did nt have friends then
45,null,null,so i did nt have to go through what i have now
46,null,null,, For some reason i feel like i m not designed to have friends , that my life should keep going on the PC without real " friends "
270 34
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Am I crazy for wanting to get back with her ?
2,null,null,So let me give you guys a bit of a timeline first : - April 2017 we met at work , became really good friends .
3,null,null,She still had a boyfriend , but .
4,null,null,broke up with him about 2 weeks after we started hanging out
5,null,null,-
6,null,null,June 2017 I told her I liked her as more than a friend , she did not feel this way towards me at the time .
7,null,null,- July 2017 she started dating a guy she already knew , we will call him Jake .
8,null,null,- August 2017 she broke up with Jake .
9,null,null,Jake made her feel terrible for it and .
10,null,null,cut her off completely , leaving her to say that she hated him and wanted no part of him
11,null,null,- September / October 2017 she told me she is always been attracted to me , but was not ready for a relationship .
12,null,null,I was in love with her at this time , after knowing her for a while and her being everything I want in someone .
13,null,null,Suggested being FWB , which I took her up on .
14,null,null,But whenever I tried to make a move on it , she did not seem to want to do anything .
15,null,null,We hung out just us 2 every day , but .
16,null,null,, would always be talking
17,null,null,for some reason when the time came around to make a move she never seemed to want to do anything
18,null,null,Mid October 2017
19,null,null,she said how we would be better off being friends since we did not seem to be going anywhere and that it was hurting her self esteem , and that she started talking to Jake again .
20,null,null,She is currently still dating Jake , but
21,null,null,from what I hear from her are on the verge of another breakup .
22,null,null,And now I want her more than ever .
23,null,null,I was absolutely heartbroken when she cut things off with me , and
24,null,null,I am still not over her .
25,null,null,And she knows this .
26,null,null,If she cuts things off with Jake , I do not know what to do .
27,null,null,I want her back more than anything , but
28,null,null,at the same time it is like she put me through such pain
29,null,null,and I do not want to chance that happening again .
30,null,null,She is everything that I could possibly want in a girl , and
31,null,null,I can not imagine myself without her .
32,null,null,And we are still friends , which probably is not helping to be honest .
33,null,null,But she is still my best friend .
34,null,null,Am I crazy for feeling this way ?
271 17
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,So here is my situation .. I want to go to University ..
2,null,null,Problems : I do not have a cent to my name , parents will not give their ok on the issue
3,null,null,and I have not had a job in over a year and
4,null,null,there are no prospects in the near future .
5,null,null,I could go behind their backs and
6,null,null,apply for a loan
7,null,null,but I would just feel a lot better knowing they were ok with it all
8,null,null,, I do not want money from them .
9,null,null,Some meaningless minimum wage job is not going to make me feel good .
10,null,null,, if anything it will make me feel worse about myself
11,null,null,I have not accomplished a single thing in my life and , but
12,null,null,feel this is pretty much the last straw to do something meaningful
13,null,null,day after day there is another block
14,null,null,and I have no means of getting around it
15,null,null,, I am 100 % dependant on my parents ( who are usually the blocks )
16,null,null,and I hate it .
17,null,null,This is not something I want , its something I need ..
272 1
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Forcing myself to the gym to better myself while also wanting myself to end Getting up and getting there is by far the hardest part , and having never experienced the part where ' it gets easier ' I am running out of excuses to bother going beyond the fact I have told people I am going .
273 16
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I have never chatted on a chat line before .
2,null,null,So please bear with me .
3,null,null,I am 29 years old married with three children .
4,null,null,In the last 12 months I have lost my grandmother in September 2004 , my father in February 2005 , .
5,null,null,gave birth to a baby girl in May 2005 , and now lost my only aunt which was just like a mother to me
6,null,null,The way I feel now scares me .
7,null,null,I thought after I lost my grandma and dad
8,null,null,I held it together pretty good , but
9,null,null,after my aunt died I felt like I lost everything .
10,null,null,I have always been a very strong person someone other people leaned on .
11,null,null,Now I literally can not get out of bed , I do not want to talk to anyone , or .
12,null,null,see anyone
13,null,null,My mind feels like it is racing with things i have to do like cook , clean , pay bills , tend to my children , but
14,null,null,i just can not do anything .
15,null,null,I even quit my job because i simply felt i could not go to work .
16,null,null,I would just like to know what is happening .
274 49
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,This is a great topic .
2,null,null,It looks like people associate with what was shared .
3,null,null,I was laughing a little because
4,null,null,for awhile I was so hypersensitive to sound
5,null,null,I would not even consider turning anything on that created noise ,
6,null,null,even the noise from lights was too much .
7,null,null,I used to go to a counselor who had a radio on in her waiting room .
8,null,null,I could not stand it and .
9,null,null,used to turn it off
10,null,null,Then someone would turn it back on , having no understanding of what it was like to be me at that moment .
11,null,null,That is funny to me now .
12,null,null,I still do not like noise
13,null,null,but I am lucky since I have pretty good control over my environment .
14,null,null,For awhile I was working in cubicles and .
15,null,null,was not sure I was going to make it
16,null,null,The one comment I wanted to share was what I experienced when I did turn the TV back on , .
17,null,null,read the newspaper , listened to the radio
18,null,null,I went without it for two years .
19,null,null,What I experienced was the way the news was presented .
20,null,null,I was captivated not by the words or circumstances of stories , but .
21,null,null,the tone of voice , the selection of what sound bites to use , the background chosen for a shot
22,null,null,I am still fascinated by all that and even dreamed the other night I had been hired to be that person who decides how to present something .
23,null,null,In my dream I was having a moral dilemma .
24,null,null,My integrity is important to me and
25,null,null,, in my dream , I was talking to my boss and trying to explain the emotional angst I was in .
26,null,null,She kept saying , give them what they want , who are you to decide what is best for them .
27,null,null,I woke up before I decided to quit or stay .
28,null,null,But those words stayed with me through a day , who am I to decide what is best for someone else ?
29,null,null,What I do now is selectively listen to the news .
30,null,null,I like NPR and .
31,null,null,sometimes enjoy McNeil Lehrer
32,null,null,I find if someone is expressing a strong opinion
33,null,null,I will get annoyed if the presentation does not also include an opposing viewpoint .
34,null,null,My main issue is selective presentation .
35,null,null,I feel disrespected if someone is asking me to just trust them .
36,null,null,I want to know what are the observations leading to a conclusion .
37,null,null,I want to know what level of uncertainty there is .
38,null,null,I do not like anyone telling me how to think or feel .
39,null,null,I am perfectly capable of creating all the drama I could ever use , on my own .
40,null,null,I am not clear where to place blame for all the drama the industry of information puts out there .
41,null,null,I know someone is to blame .
42,null,null,If only I could find that person or group then my hatred would be perfect .
43,null,null,I am kidding about that last sentence .
44,null,null,I am just trying to get a rise out of someone reading my share -- I am being frisky .
45,null,null,I support public broadcasting and free speech .
46,null,null,If I was in charge meetings would last forever because everyone would get a chance to speak .
47,null,null,Would not it be great if there truly was free speech in America .
48,null,null,Would not it be great if the principle of dissent was truly an American ideal .
49,null,null,Is not it supposed to be ?
275 7
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,The life as an adult is soul crushingly lonely and isolating Seriously
2,null,null,, it feels like it gets a lot more difficult to make friends .
3,null,null,My best friend moved out of state
4,null,null,and I realized I have nobody now .
5,null,null,Everybody else I knew back in college / high school is working , has a SO or .
6,null,null,has kids to take care of
7,null,null,I am just tired of feeling so isolated and not a priority for anyone .
276 10
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Not allowed to feel bad ?
2,null,null,I feel like I am not allowed to feel bad .
3,null,null,I am an unimportant piece of shit and
4,null,null,there are so many other people that need help and
5,null,null,all the other people are a lot more important than me .
6,null,null,I am not considered as a person , I am just something to use to pull yourself up .
7,null,null,It is like I am stuck in a swamp and all the people step on me and push me deeper down just to get out themselves .
8,null,null,I guess I do not deserve to feel good .
9,null,null,Noone will care if I will kill myself .
10,null,null,They will just use another person .
277 6
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Had to talk about myself in a group setting today
2,null,null,We were all given the task of talking about our lives one at a time for two minutes Before everyone started , I asked how negative shit could be Everyone laughed
3,null,null,When my turn came I basically said : I used to have hopes and dreams , gave up , wasted years getting fucked up , almost died a few times and now I am trying to fix my life
4,null,null,but it is a slow process
5,null,null,and I regret 80 % of my life
6,null,null,No one laughed then Funny that
278 10
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am tired , I need someone to tell me I am okay .
2,null,null,I can not tell what is wrong with me , I just feel moody for the past 7 days .
3,null,null,Even though school just restarted and
4,null,null,I should be high on my spirits .
5,null,null,I think it is probably the campus merger (
6,null,null,some background info : my university originally have 3 campuses , 2 of them are quite small , hence closed down now , unluckily mine included and
7,null,null,the students from those programs are gon na merge with the larger campus . )
8,null,null,Its like there is something wrong
9,null,null,but I can not pinpoint it .
10,null,null,I just felt that I should probably get this off my chest , before it eats me from the inside out .
279 16
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Hi everyone , I am a 39 year old complete mess up .
2,null,null,I have suffered from depression most of my life .
3,null,null,About 18 years ago my world crashed around my head .
4,null,null,I went into blackness like no other .
5,null,null,Attempted suicide several time , went through a period of self mutilation , .
6,null,null,went on every depression drug known to mankind , through years of therapy
7,null,null,This lasted 10 years .
8,null,null,I took a massive overdose and .
9,null,null,was on life support for 5 days
10,null,null,When I finally regained consciousness my doctor told me it was a miracle
11,null,null,I was alive .
12,null,null,After that I seemed to put my life back on track .
13,null,null,I still suffered periods of depression but nothing extreme .
14,null,null,Until now that is .
15,null,null,Now I feel myself slipping into that hole again
16,null,null,and I am terrified .
280 24
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am from MD
2,null,null,and I too am going through a depression / anxiety moment in my life .
3,null,null,I am just always feeling unappreciated like no one really cares about me as a person , unless they need something from me , I am currently overweight
4,null,null,, I feel ugly , I have absolutely no motivation in life whatsoever to want to do ANYTHING .
5,null,null,If I could sleep all the time I would .
6,null,null,My Mother , whom is or was my best friend , never calls me unless she need money , clothes , etc .
7,null,null,My Sister , she never calls unless she need a ride somewhere , my kids are the same way , my Husband on the other hand does not make any moves to want to make love together when we go to bed , years ago he would used to then he stopped because I never did , but
8,null,null,we moved past that dumb shit
9,null,null,or so I thought , now when I try he will , but
10,null,null,he never does anymore , I am not going to make that move all the time , it is all just a game
11,null,null,and I can not play it anymore .
12,null,null,It is childish and
13,null,null,I just do not need that on top of everything else I am dealing with .
14,null,null,I have a problem with dealing with people , like trying to have a conversation with someone
15,null,null,sometimes is hard for me
16,null,null,, I feel nervous and get all tongue tied when I am talking to people , it do not happen with everyone I deal with , just some .
17,null,null,I have friends , but they never call me , I have to call them , and it is like they ALL do this , is it me ?
18,null,null,Is it something I am doing wrong ?
19,null,null,I just do not know anymore .
20,null,null,I feel like I want to take something sometimes
21,null,null,, I feel like I want to run away sometimes
22,null,null,, I do not feel suicidal at all , so I guess there is hope .
23,null,null,Well that is pretty much all about me .
24,null,null,I hope to maybe make some new friends on here .
281 12
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Anyone else read books as a form of escapism ?
2,null,null,I know for some people depression can be so crippling that you can not even find the motivation to pick up a book
3,null,null,let alone focus long enough to read it .
4,null,null,That used to be me although I have always been interested in reading and loved it until my depression became that crippling .
5,null,null,But since getting put on adderall for my ADD , I am able to get back into reading books .
6,null,null,Mostly fantasy books
7,null,null,It helps me literally be in another world for a while and forget about my problems for a while and feel like I am living another life for a while .
8,null,null,It is not a cure obviously for depression but
9,null,null,it does seem to help me a little temporarily .
10,null,null,Anyone else have a reading habit or ? ?
11,null,null,have found reading to be helpful in this way
12,null,null,And if so , what do you like to read ?
282 9
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Dealing with loneliness ?
2,null,null,I can not speak to a therapist , I can not change my reality , I can not even really take a step forward .
3,null,null,My situation is what it is ; there is no solution at the moment .
4,null,null,I have to live and deal with where I have gotten myself , and I have to continue to work to get myself to a different place , so loneliness is my reality .
5,null,null,I truly do not have anyone to talk to right now .
6,null,null,Have not really for a while .
7,null,null,Does anyone have any tips on dealing with loneliness ?
8,null,null,I have been dealing with it in very unhealthy ways lately .
9,null,null,I need to figure out how to accept it and live with it .
283 18
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,My bottom line concern is that I am suddenly afraid of men .
2,null,null,When a man speaks to me in public
3,null,null,I am suspicious of his intentions , and
4,null,null,when a man was openly flirting with me two days ago I left the store and then became afraid that he might follow me home and had to go sleep with my 4 year old in his room with the door
5,null,null,locked that night .
6,null,null,I am even nervous and suspicious of men I have known , like spouses of friends .
7,null,null,Background .
8,null,null,My husband is in the military and .
9,null,null,has been deployed
10,null,null,He is been gone since September and
11,null,null,since the beginning I have had a fear of being in the house alone at night and it has progressed to this .
12,null,null,I am a fairly sane person for the most part .
13,null,null,I dealt with some PPD when our son was born and my OBGYN gave me Xanax which was NO GOOD .
14,null,null,My PCP put me on Lexapro which worked out just fine
15,null,null,and I weaned off of it about a year and a half ago .
16,null,null,I know this behavior is abnormal , but
17,null,null,I can not seem to stop it .
18,null,null,Can I have a little push in the right direction ? ?
284 59
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Where to start ..
2,null,null,Well , I guess I am here because I think I have depression .
3,null,null,I did recently talk to a therapist about it a couple of weeks ago .
4,null,null,I guess it did some good because I feel like I may have gotten to the root of my problems .
5,null,null,She told me that I was depressed and that I have probably had a low grade depression for most of my life .
6,null,null,I kind of thought that I was depressed , because when I would read an article about depression with 10 yes or no questions I would usually answer yes to nine of them .
7,null,null,The original reason my wife and I went to a counselor in the first place
8,null,null,was because my wife was mad about my occasional habit of looking at pornography on the internet .
9,null,null,I understand this bothers her
10,null,null,and I do not want to do anything that will upset her .
11,null,null,I could never give her an acceptable reason why I did it .
12,null,null,I really do not know why myself .
13,null,null,I do not think that I have an addiction to sex .
14,null,null,It does not dominate my thoughts or life by any stretch of the imagination .
15,null,null,In fact , I think that I am pretty " tame " compared to most males .
16,null,null,Anyway , this causes a lot of strife in my marriage because my wife considers this cheating on her .
17,null,null,Well , back to depression .
18,null,null,We got to talking about this in counseling and
19,null,null,the counselor asked me if I would ever been molested before .
20,null,null,Oh boy .
21,null,null,Well , this has always been the big secret part of my life .
22,null,null,When I was 6 or 7 years , a female cousin of mine , who was about 4 years older , played some " touching " games with me over the course of 2 summers .
23,null,null,It was all just touching , but
24,null,null,I knew it was wrong .
25,null,null,She would tell me that I could never tell anyone because I would get in trouble .
26,null,null,So I did not , until that therapy session .
27,null,null,No , I had never told my wife because I always felt embarrassed and like I was to blame because I did not do anything to stop my cousin .
28,null,null,I pretty much told the therapist ( and my wife of course ) , everything that had happened to me .
29,null,null,I got REALLY upset and probably cried more than anytime in my adult life .
30,null,null,I felt somewhat better after talking , but
31,null,null,inside I still feel ashamed and responsible for it .
32,null,null,The counselor said that because of those incidences , I have had a low grade depression all these years because of holding it all in .
33,null,null,I have ALWAYS had a hard time expressing my feelings about anything to anyone .
34,null,null,That is just me .
35,null,null,I told the therapist that I could see the low grade depression in my day to day life , but
36,null,null,there are times when I feel like there is a huge , massive black cloud on me .
37,null,null,I can be doing just about anything when suddenly I have this overwhelming feeling of dread and emptiness .
38,null,null,There are times that I feel like if I could wish for my own death at that instant , I would gladly do it .
39,null,null,When I do not have those bad lows , I just feel numb .
40,null,null,The therapist said I might want to try medication , but
41,null,null,I already take two different things for chronic physical conditions , and I really do not want to take anymore drugs .
42,null,null,I do not like doing anything that I used to do ; .
43,null,null,reading , sports , movies , etc
44,null,null,I have a teenaged son who is just terrific .
45,null,null,He is extremely intelligent and just a great kid .
46,null,null,I do not want my " condition " affecting him anymore than it already has .
47,null,null,My wife is sometimes supportive , but
48,null,null,I think she is tired of my moods .
49,null,null,I have not had the porn problems any longer
50,null,null,and I feel like I have gotten past that .
51,null,null,( The therapist attributed those times of porn weakness to depression and ) .
52,null,null,looking for a way out
53,null,null,I feel like since the counseling sessions that the low grade depression has gotten worse .
54,null,null,I am glad that I talked about the things that happened and how I have felt , but
55,null,null,I really do feel worse than before .
56,null,null,Is there anything I can do besides more drugs ?
57,null,null,I just do not think those are the answer .
58,null,null,Maybe I am wrong .
59,null,null,I do not know .
285 21
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Why am I an idiot ?
2,null,null,I always feel the need to be loved by someone else .
3,null,null,So I am constantly trying to talk to a girl and get a date .
4,null,null,I actually went on a date recently .
5,null,null,A couple weeks ago I hit it off with this girl from another school nearby
6,null,null,and we had a lot in common .
7,null,null,We vibed really well and .
8,null,null,seemed to have similar feelings for each other
9,null,null,We talked for a couple of weeks
10,null,null,and then we went on a date .
11,null,null,I think we both enjoyed ourselves
12,null,null,but we did not talk as often afterwards .
13,null,null,I blame myself for that because I feel like I should have been more social with her .
14,null,null,We do not talk anymore
15,null,null,and I wish I still talked to her
16,null,null,but it has been a weird amount of time since our date
17,null,null,and I do not know how to go about it .
18,null,null,When I finally get a chance to have a girlfriend
19,null,null,like I feel I need
20,null,null,, I fuck it up .
21,null,null,Does anybody have any idea of what I can do with this situation ?
286 30
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,There is a big chance that I will become a millionaire in a year or 2
2,null,null,I got involved in Bitcoin 2 years ago
3,null,null,, bought a lot when it was 500 600 dollars .
4,null,null,And based on my bitcoin increasing from trading altcoins and the increasing value in general I believe I can seriously become a millionaire in a year or 2 .
5,null,null,I am depressed though .
6,null,null,I want to figure out how I can reinvest that money .
7,null,null,Not for the purpose to make more but
8,null,null,how I can make other aspects of my life better .
9,null,null,I would really like to hear what people think .
10,null,null,And also I do not really know how to feel about this .
11,null,null,I think it is important to be humble
12,null,null,and I never want that to change about me .
13,null,null,But I am going to become very wealthy .
14,null,null,I have a certain perspective on money .
15,null,null,Money is not evil , it is a resource .
16,null,null,It is power , you can use it for good or bad .
17,null,null,I want to become a billionaire .
18,null,null,You can save and .
19,null,null,dramatically change 1,00s of peoples of lives with that amount of money
20,null,null,I would rather have that power than someone who does not have that perspective .
21,null,null,Does this make sense ?
22,null,null,I just feel this way about money .
23,null,null,I feel like people think it is evil and pursuing money is evil .
24,null,null,But you can do good things with money .
25,null,null,And I want to do that .
26,null,null,How should I feel and ?
27,null,null,think about this
28,null,null,What do you think ?
29,null,null,I am going to have money and power
30,null,null,but I do not know how to use it to help myself .
287 33
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I just do not know how to deal with this shit anymore .
2,null,null,I can remember being depressed and having anxiety as early as 15 years old ( 31 now ) .
3,null,null,I am sure I have been happy some time along the way
4,null,null,but I can not remember .
5,null,null,I think most of the " good " times were just when I had enough energy to pretend and delude myself and convince everybody around me that I was normal and healthy .
6,null,null,Unfortunately , as time has gone on my times of stability have gotten shorter , and
7,null,null,my major depressive episodes have only gotten much worse , and lasted longer .
8,null,null,I have dropped out of 4 different colleges and .
9,null,null,have quit every job I have ever had , most of them with literally no notice
10,null,null,I have seen doctors , I have been on different medications with no noticeable effects .
11,null,null,I am see a doctor now , but .
12,null,null,am hoping to get in to see a psychiatrist or mental health specialist soon , but that could be a month or two away at this point
13,null,null,I am just completely exhausted at this point and .
14,null,null,do not know how much longer I can take it
15,null,null,My parent just keep telling me I need to get a job , like that would make everything better .
16,null,null,It definitely does not help that they try to get me to go to church with the every other week or ask me all the time if I have met any girls that I am interested in .
17,null,null,They can not understand that just taking a shower on any given day or leaving the apartment to buy groceries is a monumental task .
18,null,null,They ask if I am suicidal , as if that is the only way to tell how severe my depression is .
19,null,null,I do not consider myself suicidal , but
20,null,null,I no longer have a desire to continue living .
21,null,null,Every day I wake up is another disappointment , another day of being incapable of doing anything and feeling sorry for myself .
22,null,null,I am pretty sure the main reason that I am not suicidal is that I am convinced that I would fail or just would not be able to go through with it and the embarrassment would be too much to handle .
23,null,null,As much as my family frustrates me , I understand that they are trying to help
24,null,null,but they just do not know how .
25,null,null,They have supported me financially on several occasions before now .
26,null,null,Without their help I would almost certainly be homeless or dead by now .
27,null,null,All I want is to not feel this way anymore .
28,null,null,Every time I leave my apartment
29,null,null,I am tense and .
30,null,null,in fear of the people around me
31,null,null,I escape for social situations as soon as possible only to get home and feel completely worthless .
32,null,null,I can accept that I will always live with this illness , that it is never going away .
33,null,null,I just want to find a way to make it bearable
288 41
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am new to the forum and .
2,null,null,just wanted to say Hi to everyone My depression stems from my husband and his secretive actions and cheating
3,null,null,I love my husband
4,null,null,we have been together for 16 years and .
5,null,null,have 2 children together
6,null,null,He went to Thailand with his dad last year to visit his brother who lives over there working as a teacher , but .
7,null,null,before he left he found this website forum owned by a bar owner there who uses bar girl prostitutes as waitresses
8,null,null,To make this long story short he went with one of these bar girls while he was there
9,null,null,and it took my children to find out the truth because I was too stupid to find out myself lol
10,null,null,One found pictures of her in his organizer and
11,null,null,the other found text messages on his cell phone .
12,null,null,I should have known something was up as he never leaves his cell phone on anymore
13,null,null,when at home anymore since he came back .
14,null,null,He sits on that forum when at work and also at home all the men on that forum talk about the bargirls and post pictures of them also .
15,null,null,My daughter sent a text message to the woman and
16,null,null,she said a lot of hurtful things to her , I was worried for a few days that my husband would find out she was contacted and blame me .
17,null,null,We also found pills he has been taking that he got from India called tadalasil which is a form of viagra , as far as I know he never had a problem sexually so why is he taking these pills ?
18,null,null,who knows lol
19,null,null,My cousin called me a couple of days ago and said he posted a message on that forum saying he wants to go back to thailand again and what excuse could he give me for wanting to go , she said he also said that he posted he does not want to cheat on me
20,null,null,just fuck other women when I am not around .
21,null,null,She checks the forum for me as I do not want to see it
22,null,null,but it hurts just as bad when someone tells you what he puts .
23,null,null,He does not have any friends really here where we are because all he does is works
24,null,null,so I do not know if the men on the forum are substitutes for real friends and he is putting what they would find interesting or what .
25,null,null,I do not drive and
26,null,null,we live out in a rural area with no real neighbors
27,null,null,so I do not get into town barely
28,null,null,and I do not have many real friends here as we moved here to do some job work .
29,null,null,So that saying LIFE SUCKS really seems to fit lately lol
30,null,null,My concern lately is sex transferred diseases such as AIDS as I found out that thailand is known as a sex trade country and many have the disease .
31,null,null,Prostitution is illegal there but
32,null,null,they allow businesses to operate like that bar due to the money the male tourists bring there .
33,null,null,The government is going to give asia and africa millions of dollars to help research AIDS
34,null,null,but they are not going to make Thailand help stop the spread of the disease by shutting down places that promote prostitution
35,null,null,, they worry about bird flu or about people carrying weapons onto planes but
36,null,null,they do not care if men bring a silent killer like AIDS back into our country and infect their spouses or lovers .
37,null,null,Do I sound crazy ?
38,null,null,because sometimes I feel I am going crazy
39,null,null,lol
40,null,null,I am sorry for rambling on
41,null,null,but I have held this in for months , scared to talk to him as i love him with all my heart even if others say I am an idiot and scared to talk family and friends anymore about it because it hurts to much .
289 17
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I probably ruined everything Tonight I ruined almost a year of work .
2,null,null,My girlfriend of 12 years
3,null,null,and I had a really rough 10 months , and
4,null,null,I have been working really hard to build up our relationship .
5,null,null,However , tonight my depression and an existential crisis got the best of me , and
6,null,null,I made a stupid decision .
7,null,null,I tried to steal a bunch of things from Walmart , but
8,null,null,I got caught .
9,null,null,Her sister is the manager , and .
10,null,null,was the one who caught me
11,null,null,I told my girlfriend and
12,null,null,she did not say anything .
13,null,null,I am worried that I am going to lose her .
14,null,null,If I lose her , I will have nothing .
15,null,null,I may as well not exist , because she is my only source of happiness .
16,null,null,I know I do not deserve her , but
17,null,null,I need her desperately .
290 15
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Can we talk about personal hygiene , or
2,null,null,lack of there of I
3,null,null,really can not even remember the last time I showered , and it is not even me enjoying being a nasty bitch
4,null,null,I just do not want to ?
5,null,null,I mean , I do not like feeling dirty or like I smell bad , but .
6,null,null,the thought of getting in the shower , bathing , washing my face , getting out , putting lotion on , etc
7,null,null,just sounds like to much work .
8,null,null,The most I can do is brush my teeth , but other than that I lay in bed .
9,null,null,I mean I can get up to do things that I like on a good day like painting , but
10,null,null,for the most part I lay in bed all day .
11,null,null,I do not want to feel like a nasty bitch of that .
12,null,null,I am an unkempt girl but at the same time I feel like I can not help it
13,null,null,I also do not want to feel like I am using this as an excuse to be nasty
14,null,null,but I just can not .
15,null,null,Just a rant because I do not usually see a lot of people talking about it .
291 5
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Just saw my ex with another man We broke up a couple of months ago cause she cheated on me and just saw her out with another dude and fairly sure she went to his house afterwards
2,null,null,, they seemed really close
3,null,null,and I have never seen this guy before
4,null,null,so can only assume they met after we broke up .
5,null,null,Feeling pretty shit right now .
292 14
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Sometimes I worry I let my mental illness be my excuse ?
2,null,null,It feels easy to justify staying up late , not eating properly ..
3,null,null,Not going out or ; because I am unwell .
4,null,null,not doing xyz
5,null,null,It feels impossible to differentiate between me being unwell and me not using it as an excuse .
6,null,null,I feel like I know who I am when I am well
7,null,null,and I am never awake at 5 am or .
8,null,null,failing a piece of work etc
9,null,null,But do I allow myself to trap myself longer by not trying harder ?
10,null,null,Letting it be an excuse ?
11,null,null,I have no way to tell really .
12,null,null,I think I have been depressed so long now that I can not even remember what normal is .
13,null,null,Or tell if my changes in character are related to being unwell or to me changing .
14,null,null,If anyone wants to chat at all I would enjoy that .
293 48
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I have lost the last of my hope for my turn .
2,null,null,I ( 24 M ) think that without making the conscious decision to , I have given up .
3,null,null,I think I have just reached the point where I have stopped kidding myself that it will all get better or work out someday like people always tell you .
4,null,null,What I can not seem to shake is the faint screaming in the back of my head trying to get me to fix everything , the one who still believes happiness is possible despite my entire existence thus far indicating otherwise .
5,null,null,I work at a job in an office doing pointless work that I used to swear to myself in high school and college that I would never wind up doing .
6,null,null,5 days a week I wake up at 7 , .
7,null,null,leave at 7:30 , work from 8 - 5 , and get home ( at my parents ' house ) at 5:30
8,null,null,Then I eat dinner with them , , and
9,null,null,watch TV with them
10,null,null,they go to bed , so I turn in at 9 , watch more TV , and go to bed myself .
11,null,null,On the weekends I typically do nothing .
12,null,null,When I do go out or hang out with a friend , we do nothing , .
13,null,null,just sit and watch TV or a movie
14,null,null,Unless we can find some fictional world we can discuss
15,null,null,( Marvel , GoT , Star Wars , etc )
16,null,null,we do not even have much to talk about .
17,null,null,I maybe have 2 - 3 friends that I do this with , and .
18,null,null,again , not too often
19,null,null,I do not currently have , nor
20,null,null,have I ever had ,
21,null,null,anything even resembling a love life .
22,null,null,I was foolishly in love with a close friend who felt nothing for me thru high school and most of college before I managed to stop kidding myself on that one .
23,null,null,I have never had sex with or .
24,null,null,even kissed a girl
25,null,null,The closest thing I ever did was cuddle with a really close friend , and
26,null,null,I even fucked that up because I overthought everything as always and did not make a real move , and she instantly lost interest / gave up on me , and now we are barely even friends anymore .
27,null,null,I am an introvert with no desire to change .
28,null,null,I have no interest in going out to bars , clubs , or anything people my age for some reason enjoy .
29,null,null,All I want is a person to love and spend my time with and provide each other with the human contact we need .
30,null,null,My idea of the perfect evening would be cuddling on the couch with a girl I love and watching Netflix , just enjoying the closeness , maybe some kissing .
31,null,null,Sex is something I want but not even on my radar right now .
32,null,null,My life goals can be summed up in saying I want to find my person have a kid or two , and .
33,null,null,do what I can to make them and myself happy
34,null,null,I just honestly do not see the path to that reality , though .
35,null,null,Nothing matters to me anymore .
36,null,null,Just my parents , and
37,null,null,I can honestly say that I am 100 % safe as long as they are around because I care more about them than myself .
38,null,null,However , if they were gone tomorrow , I think I would be close behind .
39,null,null,I just do not see a path out of this pointless existence that I feel capable of taking .
40,null,null,I feel like I am just serving a sentence , going through the motions until it is mercifully done .
41,null,null,No question really .
42,null,null,I just felt the need to say it and acknowledge that I am done .
43,null,null,With everything .
44,null,null,TLR :
45,null,null,I am done , burnt out .
46,null,null,Life is never been good to me
47,null,null,and I have stopped expecting my turn .
48,null,null,I see no way to achieve the few things in life I want .
294 10
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,It is extremely difficult for me to cry .
2,null,null,I used to deal with depression through breaking down and crying at night , and
3,null,null,it was a really helpful way to out all the negative emotion , and I always felt much better after .
4,null,null,For over a year now , it is been extremely difficult for me to cry .
5,null,null,Unless I am pushed to the absolute edge , when I feel like I should be crying it is more just a feeling of emptiness .
6,null,null,This means that I feel like I can never release my feelings , and that it feels really greyscale at times , and on the rare occasions I can cry it hardly helps as it is basically a panic attack at that point .
7,null,null,I do not really know why I am posting this , but
8,null,null,does anyone else deal with this ?
9,null,null,I would love to hear from someone who maybe has advice on how to handle it .
10,null,null,Love all of you
295 33
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Ok here goes .
2,null,null,I actually feel like I do not deserve to be looking at this site .
3,null,null,I have been sitting here all morning reading through everyone and .
4,null,null,is posts
5,null,null,have been think that I have no right to hate my life
6,null,null,I have a good family , friends and
7,null,null,have had experiences
8,null,null,other 20yr olds would only dream of .
9,null,null,But there is something in my head telling me that my life sucks and nobody cares if I am here or not .
10,null,null,Then the real me kicks back in
11,null,null,and I think I am stupid for thinking that .
12,null,null,STUPID .
13,null,null,Stupid for thinking I have no purpose .
14,null,null,So that makes me feel even worse .
15,null,null,I fear .
16,null,null,I do not know .
17,null,null,Being alone and rejected I guess .
18,null,null,I do not do I often
19,null,null,but when I am having a ' fat week ' I have purged and .
20,null,null,over exercised
21,null,null,I do not know if this is because I really think I am fat or .
22,null,null,I do not know why else , but
23,null,null,I am not overweight .
24,null,null,I have never told any one any of this in person .
25,null,null,I can not do it .
26,null,null,I hate sympathy .
27,null,null,When I am around my friends I am totally the opposite .
28,null,null,I am so hyper and
29,null,null,half the time it is not even an act sometimes I just can not control .
30,null,null,Other times I do have to put it on just
31,null,null,so that do not ask me if anything is up
32,null,null,but I have never failed to fool them .
33,null,null,Anyway that is enough
296 25
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,My girlfriend died and
2,null,null,I do not know how to go on ..
3,null,null,She had cancer and ..
4,null,null,was 27
5,null,null,We have been together for 9 years and ..
6,null,null,were going to marry in a couple of years
7,null,null,We had lived for 2 years by now and
8,null,null,everything was going perfectly ..
9,null,null,maybe too much ..
10,null,null,We were faithful , .
11,null,null,devoted to each other
12,null,null,She was my oxygen , I was hers .
13,null,null,She was my first and truly love .
14,null,null,I have never been with any other girl but
15,null,null,her ..
16,null,null,I feel kinda depressed and alone ..
17,null,null,We had no many friends , so that just the two of us was enough for the most part of our lives ..
18,null,null,I will leave for our house next week , since I have been with my family so far ..
19,null,null,I am joining my old job again , but
20,null,null,this time , no one will wait for me at home
21,null,null,, my salary will be just for me , and all that mattered now it does not .. I have got no reasons to keep on living .
22,null,null,Somebody tells me I should be glad to still be in this life .
23,null,null,But as I see it , it is a curse , a damnation .
24,null,null,She does not suffer anymore , as I am every second of my life now ..
25,null,null,Just wanted to open up to you ..
297 18
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Anyone else hate talking about depression specifically because all the attempts at help feel fake ?
2,null,null,Guess it is stupid posting this , all things considered , but I am a moron anyway and besides that I am also looking just to see if I am alone in thinking this .
3,null,null,Like at this point I would rather just hear comments from people who are also feeling down .
4,null,null,Help from others makes me fucking angry at them , especially strangers , because it does not do anything .
5,null,null,It does not make me feel better to be told things will get better !
6,null,null,, it does not help to be told I am loved , and
7,null,null,in the event people bring up stuff like you will never get to have a family
8,null,null,( yes this does happen as though that matters )
9,null,null,it makes me want to actually hurt them in real life .
10,null,null,I do not and but .
11,null,null,can not ,
12,null,null,holy shit
13,null,null,I do not even like when friends try to make me feel better anymore because it feels like they do not even get the point .
14,null,null,What sucks though is trying to get over that primal instinct to not kill myself .
15,null,null,I do not particularly want to live
16,null,null,and I really do not want to live past ~40 , but
17,null,null,my dumb animal brain just thinks owie death and pain bad and will not let me do it .
18,null,null,I am kinda hoping that maybe instead I can get into an accident or just get really ill .
298 13
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,bored of consumerism Already bought everything I have ever wanted and more .
2,null,null,I have designer clothes .
3,null,null,I have a rolex .
4,null,null,I have $ 200 shoes .
5,null,null,I have a porsche 911 .
6,null,null,I have bought $ 100 escorts .
7,null,null,I do not even get a rush from these things anymore .
8,null,null,It is boring .
9,null,null,I just want to be good looking and have a gf who loves my looks .
10,null,null,THat is all .
11,null,null,Sick of being single
12,null,null,but girls do not like depressed guys with anxiety .
13,null,null,It sucks .
299 21
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Alienating family Do you ever get tired of saying you are okay when you are not
2,null,null,but you do not want to talk about it ?
3,null,null,So instead you just stop talking to them
4,null,null,but then you feel worse for alienating your family and
5,null,null,they have no idea what is going on why or with you .
6,null,null,My family has never been super close .
7,null,null,We get along with each other and
8,null,null,talk to each other
9,null,null,but we are not a support system
10,null,null,and I do not feel comfortable talking to them about my problems .
11,null,null,I feel like I will be judged and gossiped about
12,null,null,so I just keep it to myself and
13,null,null,as a result wind up pushing them all away .
14,null,null,The only person in this world I feel I can talk to about my problems are my husband
15,null,null,and I know that is a huge burden on him to be my only outlet , my only friend .
16,null,null,It is putting a strain on our relationship and
17,null,null,I blame myself for this .
18,null,null,It is a lot of pressure to put on someone .
19,null,null,Living with a person with depression is hard enough under normal circumstances ( whatever normal is ) but .
20,null,null,add the burden of being the only friend , the only person that knows , the only person period
21,null,null,Eventually that only person is going to get tired of it .
300 22
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,It is been almost 7 years .. 7 years ..
2,null,null,Holy shit ..
3,null,null,It will be 7 years in May ..
4,null,null,It still feels like yesterday when I got that call from your dad , telling me what happened .
5,null,null,And I remember dropping everything I was doing at work , and rushing to the hospital .
6,null,null,Slowly walking into the room , with your family gathered around you , that is when it hit me , and
7,null,null,I broke down ..
8,null,null,I lost it ..
9,null,null,Could not control myself , and
10,null,null,I could not stop crying .
11,null,null,When I had to say goodbye , it broke my fucking heart ..
12,null,null,Losing my best friend , my fianc , was the hardest day of my life .
13,null,null,But every year after , the pain slowly faded away , and
14,null,null,it did not haunt me anymore .
15,null,null,But last week , when your dad called me and said that he would be in town for work , and wanted to get together , it made my day .
16,null,null,Had not seen / heard from him in about 6 months .
17,null,null,But last night , when your sister called , and told me that your dad passed away in his sleep from a heart attack , it was like the whole world had stopped spinning again ..
18,null,null,Fuck , it is been a long weekend .
19,null,null,And damnit , it is gon na be a long week ..
20,null,null,P.S. Mr Rhodes , give Elaina a hug for me , and .
21,null,null,tell her I miss her , and that I am doing alright
22,null,null,I will see you both again one day .
301 25
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,There truly is no hope .
2,null,null,For any of us .
3,null,null,This is the bleakest truth of all .
4,null,null,Everything is more complicated than you think .
5,null,null,You only see a tenth of what is true .
6,null,null,There are a million little strings attached to every choice you make ; you can destroy your life every time you choose .
7,null,null,But maybe you will not know for twenty years .
8,null,null,And you may never ever trace it to its source .
9,null,null,And you only get one chance to play it out .
10,null,null,Just try and .
11,null,null,figure out your own divorce
12,null,null,And they say there is no fate , but
13,null,null,there is : it is what you create .
14,null,null,And even though the world goes on for eons and eons , you are only here for a fraction of a fraction of a second .
15,null,null,Most of your time is spent being dead or not yet born .
16,null,null,But while alive , you wait in vain , wasting years , for a phone call or a letter or a look from someone or something to make it all right .
17,null,null,And it never comes or
18,null,null,it seems to
19,null,null,but it does not really .
20,null,null,And so you spend your time in vague regret or vaguer hope that something good will come along .
21,null,null,Something to make you feel connected , something to make you feel whole , something to make you feel loved .
22,null,null,And the truth is I feel so angry , and the truth is I feel so fucking sad , and the truth is I have felt so fucking hurt for so fucking long and for just as long I have been pretending I am OK , just to get along , just for
23,null,null,, I do not know
24,null,null,why , maybe because no one wants to hear about my misery , because they have their own .
25,null,null,Well , fuck everybody .
302 7
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Starting antipressants
2,null,null,Hi , I am a male in my early 30
3,null,null,is and .
4,null,null,going to meet with an intake doctor tomorrow
5,null,null,I will probably wind up on antidepressants , so .
6,null,null,I have been looking up the side effects , and REALLY do not want to have erectile dysfunction and gain weight
7,null,null,Do any males have experience with taking medicine and their effects ?
303 55
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Hi all , I have just registered here ..
2,null,null,I have been depressed for quite a while , my dad died when I was 7 and
3,null,null,my best friend died when we were 18 .
4,null,null,After the death of my father
5,null,null,I was in counseling , but
6,null,null,my counselor stopped coming to school to see me
7,null,null,and I do not think I ever got anywhere from it .
8,null,null,I am currently 23 , almost 24 ( and male , from the UK for those keeping count )
9,null,null,I have felt crap for ages ..
10,null,null,I hate my job , and .
11,null,null,doing that along with the stress of my final year of university
12,null,null,sent me on a downward spiral
13,null,null,I would worry so much about my workload , but .
14,null,null,have no motivation to do it and get out of the situation
15,null,null,I hate being single , but .
16,null,null,can not find someone special who likes me , who I like back
17,null,null,I want to leave my job , but
18,null,null,I can not afford to until I leave university and get a job doing something I want to .
19,null,null,I had thought about suicide , but
20,null,null,I know the pain of losing people close to me , and I could not inflict that pain on someone else .
21,null,null,I considered cutting myself too .
22,null,null,I thought that maybe if I was hurt , I could get extra time for university work , and maybe someone would help me .
23,null,null,But I realized that I should not do that , and should see someone about it .
24,null,null,I also did not have the balls to do it .
25,null,null,I think bad thoughts a lot
26,null,null,but I do not think I could go through with them .
27,null,null,I was worried about going to the doctor though .
28,null,null,My previous experience with a counselor has put me off them , and
29,null,null,I do not like talking to strangers about my problems
30,null,null,- that said I do not like telling people
31,null,null,I know either
32,null,null,because I feel that they will judge me .
33,null,null,I was also concerned about medication because I do not know if I like the idea of chemicals altering my brain
34,null,null,( apart from alcohol that is ! )
35,null,null,But about 3 weeks ago I finally went to see my doctor .
36,null,null,He has put me on 20 mg of Fluoxetine a day , although I am not sure whether it is doing much .
37,null,null,I have been having headaches and .
38,null,null,going a bit dizzy as well as getting sleepy ( among other side effects )
39,null,null,It is weird though , I do not know whether I am feeling better or not , my friends say I seem different and better for taking it
40,null,null,but I still feel bad at times ..
41,null,null,I still lie in bed at night worrying .
42,null,null,But I think maybe I need to take it more and see how it effects me long term .
43,null,null,I guess even on medication we all have good days and bad days .
44,null,null,I was scared to tell my mother that I was on anti - depressants , as she works in mental health .
45,null,null,Some would see this as a blessing as she understands the field to a great degree , but
46,null,null,I was worried because I thought that she might think I was mad .
47,null,null,I eventually got the courage to tell her after about 5 days though because I was very dizzy
48,null,null,and I thought that she would suspect me of being on illegal drugs .
49,null,null,She is being very supportive now , while still keeping enough distance that I do not feel like she is worrying too much about me .
50,null,null,It is good to know that she understands that it is going to help me cope though .. and
51,null,null,she says its only a minor drug compared to what some of her patients take to stop the voices telling them to do things .
52,null,null,Anyway I decided to look for somewhere online where other people know what it feels like , and
53,null,null,I am glad that I have found this place .
54,null,null,I hope I can make some new friends here , and
55,null,null,maybe I can help a couple of people too .
304 18
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Frustration I do not understand why I am depressed ..
2,null,null,I am pretty sure I am depressed
3,null,null,, I do not feel much joy in life , I have trouble feeling enjoyment outside of compulsive/ harmful activites , I just feel numb , pointless .
4,null,null,My thoughts turn to suicide quite often , but
5,null,null,I would never do it .
6,null,null,I can say that I think of suicide somewhat less than I used to ..
7,null,null,so there is been improvement .
8,null,null,I do not understand why I am not better , or what else I can do outside of medication .
9,null,null,I run , I work hard and do well at work , I am a dedicated father and spend lots of time with the kids , I am dedicated to making sure they feel loved and cared for
10,null,null,, their needs are ahead of my own .
11,null,null,I try to do new things , and
12,null,null,I do them well , but it all feels so flat and empty .
13,null,null,I do not understand what else I can do to improve .
14,null,null,I can feel myself starting to slide back down
15,null,null,and it is really scary and frustrating .
16,null,null,I feel like I have done every thing I can , but
17,null,null,it is no use ..
18,null,null,I do not know what to do .
305 25
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,The last few weeks I have slid back almost as far as before I started treatment .
2,null,null,Just when I thought I was improving .
3,null,null,I finally went to the drop in center called Sunshine Place , as someone was giving a talk on depression .
4,null,null,The counselor spoke with me for about half an hour after her talk and .
5,null,null,said she thought I needed more help than my GP was giving
6,null,null,For the first time in a few months I actually broke down and .
7,null,null,cried again - which is very annoying to me
8,null,null,She wrote down the number of the Mental Health Center with some suggestions for them .
9,null,null,I rang the next day for an appointment ( and
10,null,null,that was hard just to ring ) .
11,null,null,She had told me I might have to wait a few weeks for them to see me , but
12,null,null,they made an appointment for the next day .
13,null,null,The psychiatirst there was okay
14,null,null,( I did not even cry like I normally do when talking to a new doc )
15,null,null,but I told her I was tired of telling the same things to every new person .
16,null,null,The short of it is they are changing me from Lexapro to Avanza and organizing for some CBT .
17,null,null,I see my regular GP next Tuesday
18,null,null,so I am pleased they said they would inform her of the medication change .
19,null,null,I was also warned that I would probably feel a bit more depressed while the medication change was taking place ; so I duly warned Mom and Matt not to take any notice of any strange behavior .
20,null,null,Matt as usual just laughed and
21,null,null,said "
22,null,null,yeah , Mom is going to go psycho " .
23,null,null,Now I just wait for them to contact me about the CBT .
24,null,null,If I do not answer any posts you will know why , but
25,null,null,I will try to just put a little emoticon up every now and then to let you know I am thinking of you all , and that I am still listening .
306 14
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I feel worse everyday and
2,null,null,I am worried I will have some type of breakdown
3,null,null,I cry every single day , it is been 60 days .
4,null,null,I talk about it but .
5,null,null,is like talking to noone at all
6,null,null,I talk all the time .
7,null,null,My self worth used to fluctuate between
8,null,null," oh , i think i am good ? "
9,null,null,to " I am trash " intermittently but lately it is just the bad one .
10,null,null,I feel like I do not deserve happiness , love , attention .
11,null,null,I am worried about how long can I take this .
12,null,null,Can I become numb at some point ?
13,null,null,This part it is just extremely painful and
14,null,null,I do not think I can deal .
307 5
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Lately , I have been going to sleep later and later into the day just so I can avoid ppl and avoid dealing with depression / being sad .
2,null,null,But , by the time I do wake up/ can not sleep anymore
3,null,null,, I feel more depressed than when I originally was .
4,null,null,And yet , despite all of that , I still have this need to sleep excessively because I keep having dreams that are more entertaining , adventurous , and exciting than what is currently going on in my life .
5,null,null,And even when I rewire my sleep schedule back to normal , I still end up going back to the messed up sleep schedule just cause I hate feeling depressed and hate dealing with it .
308 24
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Ice ' n ' snow ' n ' sleet ..
2,null,null,damn !
3,null,null,We had to stay an extra night in B - ham because of the icy roads between here and there .
4,null,null,I had an obscenely fun time , and
5,null,null,it reaffirmed that I am a complete sucker for 4-part harmonies .
6,null,null,The Tallassee Gold Edition male show choir was freaking fantastic -- they sang " Carry
7,null,null,On , Wayward Son "
8,null,null,, " Gaston " from Beauty and the Beast , " One More Day " from Les Mis ( heartx10,00,00 ) , and " It is Hip to Be Square " * dies over and over * .
9,null,null,Our female show choir swept the awards in the women
10,null,null,is division
11,null,null,, it was awesome
12,null,null,XD A unanimous , high - pitched clamor that is probably still reverberating through the atmosphere in Africa or something ..
13,null,null,The co - ed show choir got first runner - up in their division , plus best costumes and best choreography .
14,null,null,Yet , the choir that beat us won no caption awards ..
15,null,null,*grumbles something about blind and deaf show choir bureaucrats
16,null,null,*
17,null,null,Oh , and the Enterprise show choir sang " Letters From War " .
18,null,null,I CRIED
19,null,null,LIKE A BABY .
20,null,null,I always do when I hear that song .
21,null,null,And apparently I am hysterical at midnight .
22,null,null,At least , according to Katherine and Quinn , two saxophonists I was rooming with .
23,null,null,Please let school be cancelled tomorrow .
24,null,null,Oh please please please .
309 26
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,My brother has depression and
2,null,null,I need help I will start off by saying I am not sure if this is the right place to say this
3,null,null,and if it is not , I would love if you could point me in the right direction .
4,null,null,My brother has a multitude of things such as depression , anxiety and anger issues .
5,null,null,Recently he has been going to IOP ( can not exactly remember the name , but
6,null,null,it is a step below inpatient care ) at a facility and he has shown some progress .
7,null,null,I feel like he is more in touch with how he feels and is working on coping mechanisms better .
8,null,null,However he did not go to his session today and .
9,null,null,that caused problems
10,null,null,He got his check from work today and .
11,null,null,it would not get deposited , and that set him off into a fit
12,null,null,He started breaking things and getting in both mine and
13,null,null,my parents faces , cussing and attacking us .
14,null,null,We had a conversation after and
15,null,null,he said he tells himself the thing we tell him , such as how he needs to be more rational and more committed to getting better .
16,null,null,He also eats unhealthy and , and
17,null,null,is overweight
18,null,null,I have attempted to help him get healthier about a month ago , but he stopped listening to me about .
19,null,null,I love and but
20,null,null,care for him deeply
21,null,null,our family is at our wits end with what to do .
22,null,null,I would want to leave him be and let him sort his issues out without us harassing him about it
23,null,null,but when he gets violent and angry around the house we can not sit idly .
24,null,null,I am not sure what the next step is
25,null,null,but I would love to hear advice from anyone .
26,null,null,Thanks for listening .
310 36
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,In college ( 10 years ago ) I was the victim of a gang rape .
2,null,null,I have read up quite a bit and ..
3,null,null,identified with all the stages and normal reactions
4,null,null,I went through the self blame , and guilt , and anger , and depression , and
5,null,null,I came to realize it was not my fault .
6,null,null,I never reported it and
7,null,null,after a year I decided the best thing would be to forget about it .
8,null,null,I pretended it did not happen and went on with my life .
9,null,null,I forced it out of my thoughts until it was no longer a struggle to do so .
10,null,null,Eventually I almost did forget about it .
11,null,null,I never thought about it and .
12,null,null,when the subject was referenced in other contexts I never even thought about my particular experience
13,null,null,It almost became some movie I saw , or .
14,null,null,some girl I knew about
15,null,null,I am married now with a four year old child and
16,null,null,I have a really great life .
17,null,null,About six months ago I started having these rape fantasies .
18,null,null,I have been too embarrassed to ask my husband to act them out , but
19,null,null,he does oblige in rough sex , and I started asking for it more often .
20,null,null,I have felt confused as to why I would want this with my husband ( and
21,null,null,it is always with him ..
22,null,null,I do not desire this with anyone else ) when I have this history .
23,null,null,It started me thinking about them even again .
24,null,null,Then I started having nightmares about three weeks ago .
25,null,null,Horrible realistic dreams where I actually wake up
26,null,null,and I am still hallucinating that men are holding me down .
27,null,null,Last night I punched my husband full in the chest because I thought he was attacking me when he was just trying to wake me from a nightmare .
28,null,null,This along with the COMPLETE lack of sexual desire where before we had a very healthy sex life .
29,null,null,I am a big fan of the " STOP THAT " approach to self help , but
30,null,null,I can not seem to stop this .
31,null,null,I am beginning to dwell on it now .
32,null,null,Also I try not to ever deny husband and with the high job related stress he is having right now he is seeking sexual gratification every night .
33,null,null,I am beginning to dread bed time , and
34,null,null,after he is asleep
35,null,null,I am up on the computer and !
36,null,null,drinking
311 21
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,What is wrong with me ?
2,null,null,I have an amazing family and an incredible group of friends .
3,null,null,The support is there and
4,null,null,they have tried to help in the past
5,null,null,but I can not burden them with my troubles anymore
6,null,null,, it just feels uncomfortable .
7,null,null,I have seen a three therapists in my life each no more than two times .
8,null,null,I am not sure why I can not just get myself to keep seeing one consistently .
9,null,null,I am waiting on grades from summer school
10,null,null,but I am fairly positive I failed and .
11,null,null,will subsequently be kicked out of college
12,null,null,I am 23 and
13,null,null,still have over year left to go .
14,null,null,I do not know where to turn .
15,null,null,I do not know how to move forward .
16,null,null,I can not sleep at night and during the day .
17,null,null,all I want to do is lay in bed
18,null,null,My productivity is at an all time low which is saying something .
19,null,null,, trust me
20,null,null,I feel like I have lost it .
21,null,null,I think I hate myself .
312 9
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I always try to be friendly with people I tired of pretending I am so happy and giddy
2,null,null,but I do not know how to stop , my family notices the change of personality when I am talking to someone outside the family .
3,null,null,I try to make people smile because I do not like feeling like shit I try to help people with their problems because I want someone to help with me
4,null,null,I try and but
5,null,null,try
6,null,null,in honesty I do not think there is anyone who would look out for me
7,null,null,I feel
8,null,null,I like I can not talk to anyone and
9,null,null,it is suffocating I feel fucking trapped .
313 14
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Its over for me , i have never thought that i will have to kill myself over money and my mother Its enough to finish this
2,null,null,, i ca nt move out
3,null,null,and i m everyday keeping my anger in myself
4,null,null,to do nt hurt anyone I need 3 - 4 months of working to even earn enough money for one month of living , i do nt have enough willpower for it .
5,null,null,When you listen everyday how useless , bad you are its really pushing me on the edge everyday
6,null,null,, 600 $ is a threshhold between life and death , i will be able to deal with my 600 $ debt i guess in this month , but
7,null,null,i do nt have enough to rent a room and buy food
8,null,null,And i do nt have enough willpower to handle her anymore , i was called " shit " , " useless " , " egoist " yesterday ,
9,null,null,i just can only stare on her and .
10,null,null,be treated like she wants because i ca nt do anything
11,null,null,Total helplessness and i only have girlfriend who is helpful
12,null,null,but she does nt have her own place
13,null,null,and she is in another country
14,null,null,now I m done , its over
314 1
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,It is hard staying alive for a future you have no faith in I have no desire to go to college , I have no desire to get a good job , I do not want a family , i just want to die , it is hard staying alive for a future you have no faith in
315 10
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I have lost all my real life friends and all most of my online friends due to depression and
2,null,null,i honestly do not know if it is even worth it anymore .
3,null,null,I have lost my real life friends due to moving and changing schools and .
4,null,null,just not talking to any of them anymore because i just can not
5,null,null,Online friends are gone because i am too much of a burden to everyone and they just eventually leave me .
6,null,null,Only person i can call friend is another person i have known for 2 years off of Borderlands 2
7,null,null,and he is going through the exact same thing .
8,null,null,I m so fucking lonely and just tired of not having energy to make new ones .
9,null,null,I hate life Edit :
10,null,null,Thanks for all the kind words I am glad i am not alone .
316 33
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Please someone read this , i have been holding so well since my dad died but
2,null,null,now .. I feel like killing myself .
3,null,null,is sooner or later inevitable
4,null,null,I came back home from my boyfriend
5,null,null,is house because I think I should spend some time with my mom .
6,null,null,My dad is
7,null,null,death made me speak what I feel and even stopped suicidal thoughts .
8,null,null,But today .. I decided to be honest about few things unregarded to my dad .
9,null,null,Now mind you , me and my mom has always had rocky relationship and
10,null,null,I would never tell her much .
11,null,null,Now I reminded myself
12,null,null,why ..
13,null,null,Since my dad died I have been honest to her about my limits towards me seeing his corps the day before burial
14,null,null,and I have been crystal clear that this Saturday I did not feel ready yet to go to the cemetery
15,null,null,and I assured her that I will surely go one day .
16,null,null,An hour ago she told me that me telling her all of that is avoiding all those responsibilities .
17,null,null,I am shocked
18,null,null,, I feel hurt , I feel anger and .. Hatred ..
19,null,null,One of my coworkers told me " do not do anything you have no strength for , do not push yourself , everyone grieves differently " .
20,null,null,She is the only person that understands me ..
21,null,null,I will talk to her tomorrow because she will understand .
22,null,null,She is such a kind person ..
23,null,null,But not ..
24,null,null,I feel so weak
25,null,null,and I feel like sooner or later I will kill myself because that is too much , I have no one to realistically help me besides good words .
26,null,null,I feel like now there is nothing that will hold me .
27,null,null,At least i want to be understood by someone .
28,null,null,I will not get it from mom
29,null,null,, I feel like I will not get it from boyfriend .
30,null,null,I m too tired , I really am .
31,null,null,Please someone believe me .
32,null,null,I have no where to go , nowhere !
33,null,null,Please .
317 6
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Went to a therapy centre for the first time today I hesitated so much before going , I almost went back too many times .
2,null,null,I actually got the address wrong the first time and .
3,null,null,knocked the door on a young lady asking her if she is the therapist at the address that I have
4,null,null,Anyway , I have filled out the forms and
5,null,null,I am waiting to be contacted by the centre
6,null,null,, it is scary and weird .
318 11
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I have been reading the " hoarding " thread in the OCD forum and
2,null,null,I am jealous .
3,null,null,They are having fun bonding by sharing stories about their habits , so
4,null,null,I thought we could do some of that with plain old depressives .
5,null,null,Sometimes when I am depressed , I realize that I am crying over something so stupid that I have to step back and laugh at how upset I have gotten over dumb things .
6,null,null,I can not remember all of them , but here are some of the " highlights " on the list of Silly Things That Made Starry kitten Cry : my boyfriend told me his cat was giving me a " mean look "
7,null,null,I set out a pack of Marshmallow Peeps to get nice and crispy in the open air and
8,null,null,my roommate threw them out .
9,null,null,( Oh , there were tears ! ) .
10,null,null,The coffeehouse was out of soymilk on a day I really wanted some soy hot chocolate .
11,null,null,What is on your list ?
319 36
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Anyone else feel they are unloveable ?
2,null,null,TLDR :
3,null,null,I feel I have no friends and anybody I get close to leaves I started noticing
4,null,null,I was always unhappy and sad in my last year of high school .
5,null,null,I did not understand the point of life anymore and everyday driving to school
6,null,null,I just thought how easy it was to drive off a cliff on the way to school .
7,null,null,I got scared and .
8,null,null,told my parents who helped me get professional help
9,null,null,I confided in my 3 best friends at the time and
10,null,null,almost immediately I noticed 2 of them stopped talking to me .
11,null,null,The third I am still friends with but not nearly as close as I used to be .
12,null,null,When I went to college , my roommate and I became best friends but
13,null,null,a year later , he decided to drop out and leave .
14,null,null,I realize this is through no fault of my own
15,null,null,but it still sucks losing a best friend .
16,null,null,Finally , my 3rd year of college , I met the most amazing woman .
17,null,null,With her help , I felt like I finally defeated depression .
18,null,null,We dated for 2 years and
19,null,null,I was so sure we were gon na last .
20,null,null,However , I got a job on the east coast whereas we were both from the west coast .
21,null,null,We decided we could last through the distance
22,null,null,so I took the job and .
23,null,null,moved 300 miles away
24,null,null,She just told me it was not working out and broke up with me .
25,null,null,She was my best friend and my girlfriend for 2 years .
26,null,null,I never felt a connection with anyone else as strong as I did for her .
27,null,null,Now I am fearing my depression may have come back .
28,null,null,I am thinking I did not defeat depression but instead had her to use as a support .
29,null,null,I am here on the east coast of the US and
30,null,null,I have no friends or family around me .
31,null,null,I do not know what to do and
32,null,null,everyday I just feel like it is me vs the whole world .
33,null,null,I have already lost all hope and
34,null,null,I feel like I do not deserve happiness .
35,null,null,Why else would happiness be ripped from me every time I feel like I found it .
36,null,null,Sorry for the long post I just did not know where else to turn to
320 13
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Just feeling very isolated right now .
2,null,null,It is one of those situations where all I want is for someone to realize I am drowning .
3,null,null,All I want is to be offered a hand up ..
4,null,null,To feel like I actually matter to someone .
5,null,null,I recently lost what I would consider to be my last friend IRL and .
6,null,null,have not been out of the house for any reason other than work in weeks
7,null,null,The person I call a best friend is a person I have known less than six months who lives half way across the country .
8,null,null,I have been waiting around hours hoping he will ask me for a phone call .
9,null,null,He has not .
10,null,null,And I do not want to continually pester him since he has not offered me a phone call tonight .
11,null,null,I do not really know why I am posting in this group .
12,null,null,I guess so maybe I can imagine that someone somewhere will read my current thoughts and maybe I will not feel quite so alone .
13,null,null,Thanks for reading if you made it this far .
321 99
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,i am circling the drain i am sorry if this is in the wrong place .
2,null,null,i feel like i am at my limit
3,null,null,i am trying to wait for health insurance to kick in from my fast food job .
4,null,null,i hate this job .
5,null,null,i like my co - workers , even though they think i am weird .
6,null,null,i am trying so hard to get them to like me .
7,null,null,i just want people to like me .
8,null,null,people always said i was weird and made fun of me .
9,null,null,i mean , that s like anyone else , i guess .
10,null,null,i have always hated myself .
11,null,null,always .
12,null,null,i am aware its probably internalized whatever from however many years of violent bullying and social isolation , but .
13,null,null,its to a point where my gf and roomate can see
14,null,null,i am trying so hard to work this job
15,null,null,and i am smoking so much weed to cope
16,null,null,and i get so anxious and
17,null,null,have to talk to all these people
18,null,null,and i am always doing something weird
19,null,null,and all i want to do is play Melee
20,null,null,because its how i decompress ( i do music as well but its shit ) , but i have developed thoracic outlet syndrome
21,null,null,i guess from chest breathing for years
22,null,null,and now my scalenes are fucked and
23,null,null,everytime
24,null,null,i play Melee
25,null,null,i start chest breathing and
26,null,null,i can not do the one thing i really want to do
27,null,null,and i know that s pathetic
28,null,null,, i can not quit my job because we need rent , i do not want to leave because i need health insurance
29,null,null,so i can start going to therapy and possibly start physical therapy because my posture ( forward head ) is fucked .
30,null,null,i do not talk to any of my friends .
31,null,null,for some reason once they are not physically there
32,null,null,i can not be a good friend .
33,null,null,i lost my original best friend that way , socially defective .
34,null,null,all i have is my gf and puppy and roommate and i flucuate between isplitting ' on them ( because i possibly have bpd ) and desperately wanting to avoid having them seeing everything wrong with me , they are all i have .
35,null,null,i do not mean to be an attention
36,null,null,whore i have always been this ugly , boring fucking unwanted piece of worm shit .
37,null,null,my dad cheated on his wife with my mom .
38,null,null,i knew he had left when i was young
39,null,null,but i did not know i was a mistake until my uncle told me , in so many words , the notruth ' about my birth , and how i am lucky to be alive , and how she prolly should have aborted me
40,null,null,( i was a spoiled , shit kid and
41,null,null,he was trying to get my attention .
42,null,null,honestly this story is not even a big deal , though i did break down retelling it once .
43,null,null,i am filing it under just being high at the time ) .
44,null,null,i kind of ruined my mother is life .
45,null,null,kids never liked me either .
46,null,null,in general , people only like me when i am in full isocial camouflage ' .
47,null,null,i am nice , witty , assertive , all the traits of normal folk .
48,null,null,as soon as that camo starts to thin , and i start doing all my stupid retarded fucking worthless mannerisms , or sounds , or daydreaming , or opening my mouth to talk naturally about anything i want to at all , i am outed .
49,null,null,i have had my entire classroom laugh at me , more than once .
50,null,null,my own friends , even by original bets friend , would make fun of me and .
51,null,null,call me ugly
52,null,null,i mean , again , nothing new , but
53,null,null,just to paint a picture of i guess whatever i am sorry
54,null,null,i wish i was prettier .
55,null,null,i am a guy
56,null,null,but sometimes i wish i was a girl .
57,null,null,i do not think its gender dysphoria , i just abhor my physical appearance .
58,null,null,i can count on the fingers of one hand how many times i ve looked into any kind of reflective surface .
59,null,null,i come from Christianity
60,null,null,so i guess the idea of me possibly having depression is so surreal to me .
61,null,null,i have thought of suicide nearly every day since this year is started .
62,null,null,some days every hour .
63,null,null,every minute .
64,null,null,constantly .
65,null,null,sometimes i daydream about it .
66,null,null,sometimes the thoughts make me sad .
67,null,null,sometimes i am so mad at myself
68,null,null,i want to make the thoughts a reality , blood and all .
69,null,null,sometimes the thoughts get so bad , .
70,null,null,so gory and so tragic
71,null,null,i am sorry
72,null,null,i guess there is something wrong with me
73,null,null,, i feel scared because i feel like i am being pushed over the edge
74,null,null,and i can not do anything about it .
75,null,null,i talk to myself , in actual back and forth convos , completely with laughing and inside jokes and even some ' us ' '
76,null,null,we ' and the like pronouns thrown in ( sounds like so many other internet posts lmao ) .
77,null,null,it started as a imaginary friend , and
78,null,null,just kinda went from there as I trimmed the fat .
79,null,null,it helped .
80,null,null,i have been so abysmally lonely most of my life .
81,null,null,i have a gf and puppy now .
82,null,null,she knows i am depressed , but
83,null,null,i can not tell her how much .
84,null,null,i can not tell her that i scope out the highway water bridges for places i can park .
85,null,null,or at least walk to .
86,null,null,i am trying so hard .
87,null,null,on one hand i know what killing myself would do to her .
88,null,null,but some times it gets so dark .
89,null,null,sometimes it gets so bad
90,null,null,i know she will be overjoyed to see my corpse .
91,null,null,sometimes i think about killing myself in front of her , or my co workers .
92,null,null,i think about dying , every day , every minute , every second .
93,null,null,i think about dying painfully .
94,null,null,i am smoking all the weed i can
95,null,null,and i try not to think about it .
96,null,null,i just tell myself i am venting , mentally .
97,null,null,i have never attempted .
98,null,null,its just ideation .
99,null,null,i am sorry
322 48
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am a 24 year old woman living in Florida with my husband .
2,null,null,I have been severely depressed for 6 months , and
3,null,null,now looking back I can see that it actually started about a year and a half ago .
4,null,null,If only I could go back and .
5,null,null,warn myself
6,null,null,Like many of you , I have been suffering depression since I was very young .
7,null,null,In fact , I can remember being in first grade , coming home and going to bed for the rest of the night .
8,null,null,Of course , back then it felt more like fear .
9,null,null,In 7th grade , I asked my mother if I was a manic depressive because I had read about it
10,null,null,and I felt I had all the symptoms .
11,null,null,She scoffed and .
12,null,null,said it was just normal teen hormones that made me feel that way
13,null,null,I love my mother and
14,null,null,she has always been there for me .
15,null,null,I used to call her at 2 in the morning crying and
16,null,null,she would talk to me until I felt better .
17,null,null,However , when I call her up today , she still does not understand when I tell her I am depressed .
18,null,null,She thinks I need to get up and start doing things until I snap out of it .
19,null,null,I try to tell her I have bills screaming at me
20,null,null,and I still can not get out of the house to find work .
21,null,null,I think she is in denial .
22,null,null,Now , with all of the information I find on this site , I think I may even be bipolar .
23,null,null,When I found the man I wanted to marry , I warned him that I had experienced many deep depressions in my lifetime and that it was probably likely to happen again someday .
24,null,null,He said he would stay by my side no matter what , and
25,null,null,he has .
26,null,null,Unfortunately , it is painfully apparent that he has no idea at all how to handle it .
27,null,null,When he tries to talk to me and cheer me up , I say mean things to him until we are both raising our voices .
28,null,null,Let me tell you , when I am like this , I do not back down either .
29,null,null,I usually say something hurtful and .
30,null,null,then grind my teeth in anger for a while
31,null,null,He gets mad too , but
32,null,null,it is also painfully apparent that he forgives me .
33,null,null,Then , I feel like a real jerk .
34,null,null,I just started seeing a psychologist , since I have not had a job since last August
35,null,null,and it is clear that I do not know my way out of this .
36,null,null,I have only met with her once , but
37,null,null,I think I will like her .
38,null,null,She has told me to do a few simple things everyday until our next meeting on Wednesday .
39,null,null,She wants me to get 1/2 hour of sunlight everyday , 15 minutes of exercise , and .
40,null,null,try to make a simple daily schedule to follow
41,null,null,I am a bit worried because I have not been able to do them because I just do not sleep right anymore .
42,null,null,It is 8 am
43,null,null,and I have not slept yet .
44,null,null,I may fall asleep in a few hours , only to toss and turn and then wake up in the evening feeling like crap .
45,null,null,I have tried some medicines but
46,null,null,they do not help .
47,null,null,Have any of you had this problem ?
48,null,null,What did you do ?
323 22
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Me too .
2,null,null,You want a friend .
3,null,null,You want someone to be there with you when you are weak , and .
4,null,null,someone to comfort you when you are down
5,null,null,You wish you were not alone
6,null,null,but you feel invisible .
7,null,null,You are trapped in your thoughts and
8,null,null,nobody can reach you .
9,null,null,You feel like you can not do anything right , like you are useless .
10,null,null,Everybody has friends except for you .
11,null,null,You are a burden and
12,null,null,nobody actually likes you , you just exist .
13,null,null,You push people away because you feel like you do not have anything to offer , so
14,null,null,you would rather just be left alone .
15,null,null,You can not wait to die because life is pointless .
16,null,null,You do not want to get up anymore because you have been knocked down too many times .
17,null,null,You are so tired and weak , and
18,null,null,the weight is crushing you even more .
19,null,null,Every day that passes is the same and
20,null,null,you feel like you are waiting for nothing .
21,null,null,Life can not get any better because it just sucks
22,null,null,and you wish you did not exist .
324 15
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,No lodging for the sad
2,null,null,Being depressed sucks .
3,null,null,That is easy to grasp .
4,null,null,Most people who are not clinically depressed understand this .
5,null,null,What they do not understand is that being depressed and honestly trying to get better is extremely difficult , and our ruggedly individualistic society does not give a single fuck about you .
6,null,null,You need help ?
7,null,null,Fuck you .
8,null,null,Your wealth is not just something you have , it is seen as a reflection of your worth as a person .
9,null,null,Poor ?
10,null,null,Sad ?
11,null,null,Find it difficult to wake up ?
12,null,null,Find it difficult to complete things ?
13,null,null,Do you procrastinate because of underlying psychological issues ?
14,null,null,Fuck you , you are just lazy .
15,null,null,The clear message capitalism sends me is that if I can not work , or I can not work enough , or I can not work doing a " high value job " , or if I need help to get better so that I can do those " high value jobs " , I probably ought to just go die , because I am clearly worth nothing .
325 6
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,How do I stop running away from problems or escape from them ?
2,null,null,All I do is pile my problems onto future me and live in the present , staying at home all day being depressed , which is still the ' happiest ' that I can be .
3,null,null,Inevitably I will have to face the consequences of the stacks of work I have neglected , but ?
4,null,null,is there just some way for me to get out of this loop
5,null,null,I do not know what to do , especially when all I want is to be miserable and depressed until I kill myself .
6,null,null,Help
326 38
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am not sure where to start .
2,null,null,I have been diagnosed with PTSD , depression , disassociation , and bipolar .
3,null,null,I am also a cutter , suicidal .
4,null,null,, I hear things and see things
5,null,null,Needless to say I do not deal with stress very well .
6,null,null,Sorry this is not a good introduction ; but
7,null,null,I really do need some help .
8,null,null,I am a college student only because the VA ( veterans Affairs ) is paying for it through their vocational - rehabilitation program .
9,null,null,I am unemployed .
10,null,null,For 3 months I have been fighting with social services just to get food stamps .
11,null,null,I finally got them .
12,null,null,Beforehand food was scarce .
13,null,null,I have had eviction notices and my roommate
14,null,null,by miracles
15,null,null,and I manage to get just enough money to not get evicted at the last minute .
16,null,null,I have missed class and 2 therapy and other doctor appointments because I have not had the gas money to get there .
17,null,null,I apply for jobs every day , but
18,null,null,I have absolutely no luck getting a job .
19,null,null,So with all this any normal person would become naturally depressed .
20,null,null,But me , I am losing my mind .
21,null,null,I can be happy and laughing and goofing off with my boyfriend one minute ; but
22,null,null,the next I am kicking and hitting and seriously hurting him .
23,null,null,Then we end up in some stupid argument where all I say is shut up or go away , or whatever .
24,null,null,I just do not want to hear it .
25,null,null,I know missing my therapy appointments has not helped .
26,null,null,I do have a psychiatrist appointment in 2 weeks and a therapy appointment in 3 weeks .
27,null,null,But I need some help now .
28,null,null,I have lost all my motivation to do anything .
29,null,null,I have been in bed today for 17 hours
30,null,null,and I just feel so angry .
31,null,null,Angry and .
32,null,null,fearful
33,null,null,The only thing is that I do not know what I am angry and fearful about .
34,null,null,My mood shifts so quickly and swiftly that I have lost complete control of who or what I am .
35,null,null,The more I try to relax the Angrier and more fearful I get .
36,null,null,It is like I have to stay occupied just to keep my mind occupied and keep it from traveling a million miles a second .
37,null,null,I just need to get back on the semi - sane track .
38,null,null,Right now I am a million light years from there .
327 23
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Well , it is been a year now since I tried killing myself A year ago on December 1st
2,null,null,I tried to kill myself .
3,null,null,I spent a week in a psych ward and .
4,null,null,have been on lots of meds and doing lots of therapy since then
5,null,null,The therapy has helped quite a bit , I have slowly learned how to listen to myself and how to take things one day at a time .
6,null,null,As far as meds go , my anxiety is much more controllable and
7,null,null,my sleeping meds actually work ( mostly )
8,null,null,so I can not complain too much .
9,null,null,I do not think I am ever going to overcome depression .
10,null,null,I have kind of learned to live with it , , but
11,null,null,sure
12,null,null,beating it probably will not happen ; I am way too cynical to beat it .
13,null,null,It is just how I am wired .
14,null,null,There is a lot in life I probably will not get to experience because of how I am .
15,null,null,And I still do not know how to change that , or .
16,null,null,at least make some good out of it
17,null,null,I guess what I am trying to say with this post is , I am not sure if I am happy or not .
18,null,null,It is the not knowing that bugs me .
19,null,null,I know I am better than I was a year ago , but
20,null,null,I still feel lost , and I do not know to go where from here .
21,null,null,Every day is just a haze that I trot through .
22,null,null,Sorry for the rambling .
23,null,null,Have a good night
328 15
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I got laid off but
2,null,null,my coworker that stole $ 100 did not .
3,null,null,I was a new sales person at a dealership .
4,null,null,I was very sick and .
5,null,null,went into work
6,null,null,My boss dismissed me because I sick and told me not to come back until I was better .
7,null,null,Later today I got laid off because I did not text him that I was sick the day after .
8,null,null,Which I thought we established that I can not come back to work until I felt better .
9,null,null,Meanwhile the financial manager stole $ 100 and
10,null,null,the boss did not fire him .
11,null,null,I can not believe what happened .. its been making me upset and eating me up .
12,null,null,I do not talk lots and
13,null,null,everyone at the dealership liked me .
14,null,null,I always work my hardest in my little desk of mine .
15,null,null,I guess my hardest was not enough .
329 7
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,i can not have string lights in my room .
2,null,null,this gon na sound dumb as hell
3,null,null,but there was a period of time where i had string lights in my room
4,null,null,and i was really depressed and dysphoric during that time and
5,null,null,now whenever i try to put them up and turn them on it
6,null,null,just reminds me of how sad i was ?
7,null,null,i want to be able to enjoy them without feeling like shit and not associate bad memories with them
330 20
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,What is wrong with me ?
2,null,null,I just want to know what is really wrong with me , should I get help or something ..
3,null,null,I often think about myself like I am a negative person .
4,null,null,Some people describe me as cold as I do not really have any genuine reactions to anything
5,null,null,just pure neutrality
6,null,null,some even say I lack empathy .
7,null,null,I keep most of my feeling and .
8,null,null,thought for myself and the only thing that is wierdly funny to me
9,null,null,is dark humor and misfortune of others
10,null,null,My attitude on the outside , most of the times , is " I do not care " , but .
11,null,null,when I am alone , then shit goes down , anxiety , depression , dark thoughts you name it
12,null,null,I can go days without seeing anyone or speaking to anyone when I am in this pit of my own making .
13,null,null,But then again , I still have this slight need to socialise after some time .
14,null,null,The thing is , some time ago , one of my closest friends asked me , what made me happy , when was the last time I was truly happy ?
15,null,null,And what worried me , I could not think of anything , still after thinking for like an half our , there was nothing .
16,null,null,Do not get me wrong , I still laugh and , but
17,null,null,sometimes even smile
18,null,null,for me positive and happy people seem fake .
19,null,null,Anyone in a similar situation ?
20,null,null,Some advice would be appreciated .
331 11
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I miss the days where I at least had depression sleep to look forward to .
2,null,null,More of a vent here so bare with me .
3,null,null,I have not had a good night of undisturbed deep sleep where I wake up feeling refreshed in years .
4,null,null,Like , I kinda autopilot through my day trying to ignore how nothing really excites or motivates me and that I have stopped progressing towards any dreams or goals , and
5,null,null,the more I am awake the longer I have to struggle with that
6,null,null,and I do not even have sleep to look forward to .
7,null,null,I used to be able to sleep through anything and for many hours at a time .
8,null,null,It was awesome .
9,null,null,Idk , just like I am riding a vicious cycle of depression worsening sleep , sleep worsening depression slowly downwards to the point where I think not existing would finally feel like the best damn rest I ever had .
10,null,null,Anyway , thanks for reading and stuff .
11,null,null,Felt good to vent a little .
332 8
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I get angrier
2,null,null,while running When my depression flares up ( mostly in the winter ) , I get what I call nothe angrys ' .
3,null,null,As the run gets more intense , I start thinking the darkest , angry thoughts like a swarm of bees around my head .
4,null,null,I hate everyone on the street and
5,null,null,God forbid anyone get in my way .
6,null,null,Usually running makes me feel good and
7,null,null,it does later on but
8,null,null,during the run , wow .
333 25
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,That feeling of good at night , dread in morning
2,null,null,I feel good in the evenings , planning etc .
3,null,null,Come the next morning
4,null,null,it is dread and anxiety .
5,null,null,Always had it but
6,null,null,in the last three years I have been hit with health , friendship and security issues .
7,null,null,It is definitely aggravated this feeling .
8,null,null,I have to travel to different places for work .
9,null,null,But I dread it now .
10,null,null,I am not in the position to get therapy .
11,null,null,I know the issues , not much more than others out there .
12,null,null,I have always just kept busy and .
13,null,null,got on with things
14,null,null,But this dread is getting much worse .
15,null,null,I read it has something to do with the brain not wanting to change all the time .
16,null,null,Going places etc .
17,null,null,Plus health , security etc .
18,null,null,So it makes sense my brain is telling me not to go places .
19,null,null,But , this is life
20,null,null,and I need to work .
21,null,null,No choice .
22,null,null,Theses days if something negative happens I tumble rapidly .
23,null,null,If something positive I inch up a little .
24,null,null,Something is not right .
25,null,null,Just wondering how people cope with this ?
334 8
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Feeling ashamed of my depression .. does anyone else feel like this ?
2,null,null,I have been going through a really bad depressive episode and
3,null,null,today at school someone said remember when you were all isunshiney ' and happy and laughed all the time ?
4,null,null,You should go back to when you acted like that .
5,null,null,This makes me feel so ashamed of my depression
6,null,null,and like I am not reaching peoples expectations of how I should act .
7,null,null,I do not have the energy to hide that I am not okay anymore ..
8,null,null,Does this happen to anyone else ?
335 9
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Anyone feel like they have disappointed there parents ?
2,null,null,When I was younger my parents always had high hopes and .
3,null,null,believed in me
4,null,null,As I got older however , I realized that I completely let my parents down .
5,null,null,I am a chump with a low paying job ,
6,null,null,no SO , few to little friends , and
7,null,null,I have not contributed to society in a helpful way .
8,null,null,My parents try not to show it , but
9,null,null,I can tell I have failed to even come close to there expectations .
336 15
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Dead is better than alive imo .
2,null,null,I would not say I feel particularly sad or depressed , as a constant state .
3,null,null,It is all over the place .
4,null,null,But I think I do want to die .
5,null,null,I choose to believe there is nothing after we die ; .
6,null,null,no afterlife , no heaven or hell , no reincarnation , or godly ascension
7,null,null,Just a beautiful , peaceful nothing .
8,null,null,And it just seems so much better than being alive .
9,null,null,When you are alive , you feel so much .
10,null,null,Yes , there is happiness , excitement , surprise , love .
11,null,null,But there is also sadness , anger , hate , jealousy .
12,null,null,Why would I chose to bare such things when death can provide none of these things ?
13,null,null,All the good stuff about living does not weigh out the bad , in my head .
14,null,null,A nothingness after death just seems like the better , more rational option .
15,null,null,Am I wrong to think this ?
337 31
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Getting over a girl
2,null,null,Hello everyone , I have been subscribed to this sub for a while now but .
3,null,null,always been a lurker and never posted anything
4,null,null,I feel that this is the best place to get advice and help for what I am going through right now ..
5,null,null,So I am a 19 year old guy
6,null,null,, I have never had a serious relationship with a girl before .
7,null,null,I met this girl a few weeks ago and
8,null,null,I instantly liked her .
9,null,null,She is the most amazing girl I have ever met .
10,null,null,She is funny , smart and so beautiful .
11,null,null,We started texting / snapchatting .
12,null,null,I told her I liked her
13,null,null,and she said she felt the same about me .
14,null,null,We started talking and
15,null,null,we met a few times and things were going really well .
16,null,null,Last weekend she stopped over at my house and
17,null,null,we watched some Netflix and had such a good night with each other .
18,null,null,I knew I was in love with this girl
19,null,null,and I could honestly see us getting in a relationship in the future .
20,null,null,After she left my house the following morning she started acting weird .
21,null,null,I asked her what was wrong
22,null,null,and she said her ex boyfriend was going crazy because she stayed over at my house .
23,null,null,She then said she just needed to be alone for a while and that we should stop seeing each other because she still has not properly got over her ex .
24,null,null,It was so horrible , I started crying for ages
25,null,null,and I could not stop .
26,null,null,I still feel so upset about it
27,null,null,and I do not think I will ever be able to get over her .
28,null,null,How can I get over her ?
29,null,null,I can not stop reading our texts messaging of us saying we love each other .
30,null,null,This is so hard .
31,null,null,I am crying again .
338 12
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Realising your mental state and life is unfixable sucks Just started to realise this .
2,null,null,Been working my way to suicide last year
3,null,null,but it did not work out .
4,null,null,So I am trying my best ( how ironic ) to just feed myself everyday , and not letting my emotions burden the ones I love ( or any person I come across ) .
5,null,null,Basically just existing plainly .
6,null,null,I really wished I could show affection to those I love and care about .
7,null,null,But I realise that without any qualities as a person , I am better off just not being a nuisance and a liability .
8,null,null,Feeling lonely sucks .
9,null,null,I wished I feel loved by those whom I love .
10,null,null,But staying away ( while not killing myself ) is my only way to protect them from myself .
11,null,null,Oh well .
12,null,null,Thanks for listening .
339 62
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,.. being that I do not know anyone here yet , but
2,null,null,I feel like I am about to boil out of my skin if I do not get some of this out .
3,null,null,Last week I left the house for the first time in nearly a month and .
4,null,null,saw my doctor about the state of my head
5,null,null,It was the hardest thing I have ever done ( that did not involve burying a loved one ) as I was brought up to believe that one should not talk about one .
6,null,null,is feelings with other people
7,null,null,Although the sawbones made all the right noises
8,null,null,I do not know if he even believes me .
9,null,null,I do not know if seeing him was the right thing to do because since walking out of his surgery all I have had is deeper anxiety , more guilt , and a feeling of total and utter desperation
10,null,null,- I think it is actually a little worse than before .
11,null,null,I feel like this is not going to get any better , ever .
12,null,null,I am scared ..
13,null,null,I do not know how this is going to end up for me .
14,null,null,I can not see a way out .
15,null,null,I have been depressed for a very long time but since losing my job
16,null,null,a little while ago I have hit the proverbial bottom .
17,null,null,I have suffered from anxiety for many years
18,null,null,but recently it has been getting worse
19,null,null,- I had my first panic attack last year .
20,null,null,It does not matter what I try to do to stop it , all I can think about is death , pain , more death , failure , and yet more death .
21,null,null,I have been having horrible nightmares for months ( and .
22,null,null,have not slept properly since my teens )
23,null,null,Long story short ( ish ) : when I was little the Infamous
24,null,null,They told my parents I was ' gifted ' .
25,null,null,They had high hopes for me .
26,null,null,I won a scholarship to a good private school , where the other little girls made fun of me .
27,null,null,Then the scholarship ran out and
28,null,null,I had to go to a state school .
29,null,null,Where the other little children made fun of me , spat at me , physically attacked me and
30,null,null,eventually my parents had to take me out of school altogether .
31,null,null,They found a better one , where the other kids continued to make my life hell .
32,null,null,When I was about 12 or 13 I started self harming ( cutting my arms with broken light bulb glass ) .
33,null,null,My mother noticed once , shouted at me , and then never raised the subject again .
34,null,null,I continued to do it until I was about 17 .
35,null,null,My dad bullied me when I was a kid ; basically he subjected me to about 15 years of mingled disinterest , public humiliation , and emotional abuse .
36,null,null,Then he did a disappearing act three years ago - leaving my mother in financial trouble .
37,null,null,I have not heard from him since .
38,null,null,I have wasted my life .
39,null,null,Nothing I have ever attempted has succeeded - really nothing , and
40,null,null,I have never been able to please the people I was trying to please .
41,null,null,I used to think I was a talented artist ( wanted to be a comic - book artist )
42,null,null,but now I have no self - belief left .
43,null,null,I have not picked up a pencil in weeks
44,null,null,and I can not even bear to look at any of my work .
45,null,null,I can not do anything anymore and
46,null,null,there is nobody I can talk to -
47,null,null,my mother is my only close family and ( if I mentioned it to her she would , at best , get angry and tell me to grow up / stop being so self indulgent ) .
48,null,null,she does not believe in mental illness
49,null,null,I have two close friends who have their own problems to deal with .
50,null,null,I am seeing the doctor again on Monday
51,null,null,but I fail to see what he can do to fix the fact that I am a useless failure .
52,null,null,I am so scared and confused .
53,null,null,I have been crying for about a week now and
54,null,null,it is getting really tiring .
55,null,null,I am scared that maybe what I think is depression is really just an excuse to attempt to explain my pathetic behavior , that I am really a hypochondriac ( my anxiety is now constant and I have convinced myself I am going to die any minute from any terminal illness you would care to name ) and I am wasting the doc
56,null,null,is time & resources .
57,null,null,He offered me sleeping pills
58,null,null,but I said no as I was afraid to have such things in the house .
59,null,null,Basically , not a good week .
60,null,null,Sorry to vent like this
61,null,null,but I had to get it out ..
62,null,null,sorry for being so selfish .
340 13
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Hi everyone .
2,null,null,I am also a new member .
3,null,null,I am 22 years old and a single mother of one .
4,null,null,I have had bipolar tendencies since I was a young child and was diagnosed at 16 or 17 .
5,null,null,The past few years since my daughter was born have been the best ones for my moods .
6,null,null,I attribute part of that to the success I seemed to have on Lithium for two years .
7,null,null,I stupidly went off the medicines and my thyroid medicines as well in November without telling my doctor .
8,null,null,Lately things have gotten fairly rough .
9,null,null,I know I have to get back in to the doctor , and I will .
10,null,null,It is just that my life is so busy right now that it is hard to find the time ( and the courage ! ) .
11,null,null,I am glad I found this great site .
12,null,null,It is great to hear others stories and to not feel alone .
13,null,null,So , nice to " meet " you all .
341 10
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,This beautiful weather is making me 100x
2,null,null,more depressed than I already am .
3,null,null,I suffer from crippling depression , lack of confidence and no self esteem
4,null,null,so it is not like I can go out and about and meet people just like that .
5,null,null,I am craving human interaction
6,null,null,but I do not know where to start about gaining back those qualities .
7,null,null,It is so nice out
8,null,null,I just wanna go hang out with someone and shoot the shit , take pictures of whatever , get dinner and drinks , do outdoorsy things , skate ,
9,null,null,anything but all I am gon na do is go home and mope and .
10,null,null,cry about how shitty my life continues to be
342 24
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Just cut off all of my friends and
2,null,null,I am feeling alone and regretful Posted this to r / advice
3,null,null,but I think that was not the right place for it .
4,null,null,I just cut ties with nine people who I considered family for almost 10 years .
5,null,null,Their negativity and inability to understand what I am working towards has literally taken a huge toll on myself .
6,null,null,Friends are suppsed to support you through the good and the bad
7,null,null,but instead I was being anchored and
8,null,null,every time I felt I was getting out of it I was pulled back down .
9,null,null,The fact that I was so attached to them made this one of the hardest things I have ever had to do in my life and
10,null,null,it took every ounce of myself to finish telling them
11,null,null,I did not want anything to do with them .
12,null,null,They do not understand that in order for me to become a doctor I have to commit a lot of time to my studies .
13,null,null,But if I can not show up to something such as drinking
14,null,null,I get absolutely torn apart by them .
15,null,null,It is like they hate when I am productive
16,null,null,but they enjoy seeing me partake in stupid shit .
17,null,null,They have told me that I am a liar and a terrible friend on numerous occasions
18,null,null,and it is just too hard to even reason with them at this point .
19,null,null,Did I over react and
20,null,null,should I iron things out with them ?
21,null,null,It is just since I was so attached to them
22,null,null,I do not know how to deal with this situation .
23,null,null,I have had so many good times and years with them but
24,null,null,lately it is been so difficult .
343 15
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I hate myself so much I am self centred
2,null,null,, I am selfish
3,null,null,, I am weak
4,null,null,, I am annoying , I am an idiot
5,null,null,and I can not do anything right .
6,null,null,I can not tell how people manage to put up with me .
7,null,null,I am so fucking useless .
8,null,null,I am getting tired of bashing myself up like this .
9,null,null,Do I deserve it ?
10,null,null,Yes , I do .
11,null,null,It is so hard trying not to hurt myself in the worst way possible .
12,null,null,I am unloveable .
13,null,null,I miss being happy with the way I am .
14,null,null,Why does god hate me so much ?
15,null,null,It is tiring .
344 65
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Hi everyone , I am new to this site and
2,null,null,my name is Elie .
3,null,null,I am a 38-year - old married mother of three girls and one angel baby boy who was born still 10/30/2003 .
4,null,null,My children is ages are 18 years old , 15 years old then it would have been Conner Charles .
5,null,null,When we lost Conner due to an underlying infection and
6,null,null,when I had the amniocentesis the infection got to Conner
7,null,null,and he died a month later .
8,null,null,That was very devastating to us
9,null,null,but I have had a lot of support with an infant grief group in our area .
10,null,null,After we lost Conner three months later we got pregnant with Charlene and
11,null,null,she is so beautiful .
12,null,null,Anyway things were going good
13,null,null,( oh I forgot to mention the fact I remarried my ex husband .
14,null,null,We were divorced for 14 years and
15,null,null,we got back together ) .
16,null,null,One day when the baby was 11 months old my husband accidentally spilled hot coffee onto Charlene is leg
17,null,null,and she had a blanket sleeper on
18,null,null,so she was not that bad .
19,null,null,It was bad enough but because of the way the burn looked ( due to the absorption of the stupid hot coffee )
20,null,null,the doctor had her removed from our care until they could further decide if the baby was abused .
21,null,null,I was dumbfounded ; I have known this doctor for 17 hears with my girls Marissa and Jessica , so
22,null,null,how dare he .
23,null,null,I was so upset , but we have a DSS worker in our lives because of my middle daughter who has mental retardation , she is in a residential home because of her behaviors which in a way was excellent for us .
24,null,null,Our worker seen and and
25,null,null,knew Charlene before the foster care
26,null,null,then when she finally saw her at foster care she did everything in her power to get the baby back
27,null,null,and we did six days later .
28,null,null,We are constantly in and out of court now because of this
29,null,null,and then my husband was feeding the baby oatmeal
30,null,null,and I was warning him to be careful she flails her arms
31,null,null,, well she flailed and and
32,null,null,knocked the spoon out of his hand
33,null,null,the clump of oatmeal landed on her face ..
34,null,null,we cleaned her up not noting anything bad as she did not cry or nothing she wanted to eat .
35,null,null,She ended up with a blister on her cheek in the spot that the oatmeal touched .
36,null,null,We almost lost Charlene again .
37,null,null,I went into DSS and
38,null,null,said my husband was no longer going to be in charge of the baby
39,null,null,and they felt better
40,null,null,and I also said he wants parenting classes and they liked that idea .
41,null,null,But this is my problem , how do I get passed this .
42,null,null,I have a counselor already
43,null,null,but you can never have too much support
44,null,null,so I came to this web site .
45,null,null,I can not even make love with my husband anymore .
46,null,null,I resent him for putting me through this when I have been the most careful mother around .
47,null,null,We also live with his mother because financially things are tight and right now its better we do because DSS notes it is a very supportive environment
48,null,null,and I have a lot of help which I do
49,null,null,but I can not leave otherwise
50,null,null,I will have DSS up my back quite often .
51,null,null,My husband feels that sex is the cure all to depression
52,null,null,, he keeps hounding me and hounding me
53,null,null,and I just do not want sex .
54,null,null,When we first got back together this second time around things were awesome and
55,null,null,we had so much fun
56,null,null,but then we lost Conner , then had Charlene and .
57,null,null,then these burns and losing her and going to court
58,null,null,I have no say whatsoever even in my own room which depresses me
59,null,null,but soon I will try and .
60,null,null,figure out how to get out of this
61,null,null,All I know is my husband better respect my wishes , I just can not make love at the moment .
62,null,null,The last time was four weeks ago .
63,null,null,Ok that is about it for now
64,null,null,, that is about the main stuff I am dealing with for now .
65,null,null,Take care
345 10
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Has your mental illness ever resulted in failing a course or degree ?
2,null,null,How do you get over that ?
3,null,null,I may very well be failing my graduate degree right now .
4,null,null,It is a one year Master is program and there is no time to be failing a course without failing the whole damn thing .
5,null,null,I can not even type how devastating and embarrassed I am .
6,null,null,Not to mention throwing away literally tens of thousands of dollars that I will have to pay back , .
7,null,null,some that my parents invested in me and supported me with
8,null,null,I want to crumble .
9,null,null,I think being awake hurts .
10,null,null,My hair hurts .
346 15
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Sometimes I do not feel like a real person I feel like I am just floating through my life , but
2,null,null,my body is not actually there .
3,null,null,I am trying to make sense of everything but .
4,null,null,its just really difficult
5,null,null,Tried to make sense of how I feel but its just a big mess in my brain .
6,null,null,I have no motivation .
7,null,null,I try , but
8,null,null,I just can not .
9,null,null,I feel stupid and useless .
10,null,null,I just do not know what to do .
11,null,null,There is so much more I want to say
12,null,null,but I just do not know how to form the words to describe it .
13,null,null,I know this probably does not make sense , it is just word vomit .
14,null,null,I just needed to write it down .
15,null,null,Just feel lost and alone right now
347 26
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am posting because i need to scream .
2,null,null,I cut because i need to hide .
3,null,null,i drunk and .
4,null,null,cut my head
5,null,null,i do nt know how i will explain .
6,null,null,fell over
7,null,null,i think .
8,null,null,got in a fight maybe .
9,null,null,no one would fight me , but
10,null,null,i cut my head somehow .
11,null,null,i fell and .
12,null,null,hit a kerb
13,null,null,no one needs to know - no one will care .
14,null,null,i need to be more careful of kerbs .
15,null,null,when i drink it does nt hurt -
16,null,null,i do nt need to drink -
17,null,null,i m at university
18,null,null,i have to -
19,null,null,the pressure is too much .
20,null,null,so many thoughts
21,null,null,- i did nt need this - i did nt need to explain to people
22,null,null,but i have to .
23,null,null,i have to cancel other plans
24,null,null,- how can i explain a cut across my head .
25,null,null,this is my fault .
26,null,null,no one elses .
348 39
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I had a date on Saturday .
2,null,null,It went great unfortunately .
3,null,null,I have a friend that I will call H.
4,null,null,I have known her for 2 + years now
5,null,null,and I really like her as a person .
6,null,null,I recently discovered that she was interested in dating me , which boosted my self confidence so much ( because who would be into someone like me ) .
7,null,null,Well a week ago I worked up the courage to ask her out on a date , and
8,null,null,this Saturday we went on one .
9,null,null,It was great .
10,null,null,We went to a small local coffee shop and .
11,null,null,sat there and just talked for almost 3 hours
12,null,null,It was seriously such a good time .
13,null,null,On the way out I asked if she would like to do it again
14,null,null,and she said yes .
15,null,null,Awesome !
16,null,null,Later that night I get a text ..
17,null,null,she does not think it will work out in the long run .
18,null,null,I ask her why
19,null,null,and she says we both have very different plans with our future , she is still getting over another break up ,
20,null,null,etc ..
21,null,null,Well that sucks , but
22,null,null,I understand .
23,null,null,I was texting H about it a bit more tonight
24,null,null,and this is what I get in reply to how I feel about the whole
25,null,null,situation-
26,null,null," i feel like there were so many expectations from others that it was made into something i thought i wanted , but
27,null,null,then i realized it was not . "
28,null,null,That attraction she had to me ?
29,null,null,It was not real .
30,null,null,It was all made up because of her friends .
31,null,null,And of course it was , because who would be into someone like me ?
32,null,null,It hurts so bad .
33,null,null,I am crying while typing this .
34,null,null,I feel like such an idiot for believing someone would actually be attracted to me .
35,null,null,I am a fool for believing it
36,null,null,and I hate myself for it .
37,null,null,I do not know what to do .
38,null,null,I thought maybe it would help posting here or something .
39,null,null,I do not know .
349 7
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Anyone else feel bad for their parents for having to deal with a depressed kid ?
2,null,null,I have been feeling so bad for my parents lately .
3,null,null,They try so hard to help me and spend so much time and money on getting me medicine and therapy .
4,null,null,But still , I always let them down and .
5,null,null,show now sign of improvement
6,null,null,I am such a disappointment both to me and those around me .
7,null,null,I hope you guys can relate .
350 24
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I can not sleep again .
2,null,null,My brain will not shut up .
3,null,null,I have class at 9:00 am .
4,null,null,I do not know if I am going to make it .
5,null,null,When I lay in bed , all I can think about it how horrible I am .
6,null,null,I mean , I am ugly , fat , a waste , stupid , worthless .
7,null,null,When I talk to my boyfriend about it , he just says that I am great and beautiful .
8,null,null,Then I just get mad at him , because I do not want to hear all that .
9,null,null,It is not true .
10,null,null,I have been trying to lose weight .
11,null,null,I gained about 10 lbs over the summer , due to depression .
12,null,null,Now all my clothes are really tight .
13,null,null,I have been exercising and , and
14,null,null,eating right for about a month
15,null,null,still nothing has changed .
16,null,null,The pants are all still uncomfortably tight , and .
17,null,null,no weight loss
18,null,null,I try really really hard to stay positive .
19,null,null,But late at night , when I am alone and anyone close to me is hundreds of miles away , it is too hard .
20,null,null,I end up hating myself .
21,null,null,Telling myself horrible things .
22,null,null,I hate myself .
23,null,null,I want to be someone else .
24,null,null,I want to be a better person .
351 15
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I wrote a poem about depression
2,null,null,Little Johny is gone today , Little Johny ran away , Little Johny is at the bay , Little Johny fades away , Little Johny what would you say ?
3,null,null," I do not want to live another day "
4,null,null,Oh tissue tissue how many tears can you soak ?
5,null,null,Depression is no joke , not cured by drink or smoke , more scarier than a stroke , leaves a scar on most folk .
6,null,null,That is the power of one dead bloke .
7,null,null,Every second a man falls down .
8,null,null,Every second someone drowns .
9,null,null,Every second a bullet to the head , leaves someone lying dead .
10,null,null,All you see is one small frown .
11,null,null,In this little shitty ghost town .
12,null,null,It is your fault , where were you ?
13,null,null,Do not you know that dead hearts bleed too ?
14,null,null,Now it is our time to go .
15,null,null,because depression is not for show .
352 30
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I take effexor and
2,null,null,I have gained lots of weight .
3,null,null,I have become so self conscious of my self .
4,null,null,After buying all new clothes and trying to stay in staying I can not feel sexy anymore .
5,null,null,I love my boyfriend and
6,null,null,he is great
7,null,null,but I do not even feel 100 % sexual with him just because I am not as fun as I use to be .
8,null,null,I also have dreams that I can not tell if they are real or not .
9,null,null,I will tell someone something thinking we had had a conversation
10,null,null,I guess it was in my sleep .
11,null,null,I sweat like crazy
12,null,null,yes , it is gross but ?
13,null,null,what to do
14,null,null,Also I really need some advice on my boyfriend .
15,null,null,He is great supportive but
16,null,null,he says it is hard for him to
17,null,null,and it takes a toll on him .
18,null,null,How can he better handle this , not that he does not do a wonderful job now , but just new advice for his sake .
19,null,null,He is not sick with anything
20,null,null,and I tell you I get mood swings like crazy .
21,null,null,I am not the same girl he met
22,null,null,and I so want to be
23,null,null,but I can not shake this
24,null,null,and I am afraid that it will be here forever .
25,null,null,I can not deal with it forever
26,null,null,it burns me out .
27,null,null,Please Help
28,null,null,oh yes I also find it hard to have friends because they do not understand I want to go out
29,null,null,but I do not
30,null,null,and plus most of the time I do not have the energy .
353 7
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I d just really like to have someone to talk to
2,null,null,I never thought i would end up posting something like this on reddit tbh .
3,null,null,And i really do feel pathetic for doing so .
4,null,null,Even though therapy is helping alot i still feel so lonely a lot
5,null,null,and then i wish i just had someone to talk to ..
6,null,null,Its really hard keeping all these feelings and thoughts to myself all of the time ..
7,null,null,Its also not like i do nt have people in my life , its rather that i do nt feel comfortable enough around them to do so .
354 16
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,i should stop complaining .
2,null,null,i should stop complaining and shut the fuck up
3,null,null,or maybe the thoughts should shut the fuck up .
4,null,null,i do not deserve any of the happiness i have left .
5,null,null,i do not deserve any of the kindness i have gotten in the past .
6,null,null,i am a piece of shit .
7,null,null,i want to desperately stop existing
8,null,null,but i do not want to leave my boyfriend behind .
9,null,null,i think i am lying to myself half of the time anyway .
10,null,null,one moment i am self loathing , the other i am not .
11,null,null,does that mean i am just unstable ?
12,null,null,unstable and ?
13,null,null,stupid
14,null,null,am i over - exaggerating ?
15,null,null,because i do not think it is a big deal that i cut myself
16,null,null,and i want to die .
355 8
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,What is your interpretation of happiness ?
2,null,null,Everyone seems to be fixated about obtaining it .
3,null,null,Yet when I ask them what happiness is , no one seem to be able to truly give me a definite answer .
4,null,null,How can one knows he /
5,null,null,she attains happiness when that person does not even know what it is in the first place ?
6,null,null,Its like desperately trying to look for an item in your room
7,null,null,but you do not know what that item even looks like .
8,null,null,So tell me , do you have a definite definition of what it meant to be happy ?
356 16
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,They told me that all they can do is replace my hard drive , but
2,null,null,they can not recover my 10 years of bitter - sweet memories .
3,null,null,So I bought an external hard drive , thinking that everything would be safe on it , right ?
4,null,null,If I am gon na spend $ 50 on something , it should at least be good at something
5,null,null,, right ?
6,null,null,So I exported every thing from the past 10 years onto it .
7,null,null,Recently , my computer can not even read the hard drive anymore .
8,null,null,I went to the customer help service
9,null,null,and they said that they can not do anything to access my data and all they can do
10,null,null,is replace it ( within warranty ) .
11,null,null,All my graduation photos , friend hang outs , and all just precious moments , will have to go .
12,null,null,I have always been looked down upon .
13,null,null,I was never up to standard to anyone .
14,null,null,No matter how hard I try to fit in , I knew I was an outlier .
15,null,null,And now that all these memories of my bitter - sweet life will have to disappear .
16,null,null,I should disappear along with them
357 24
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,People who have sought professional help ?
2,null,null,Was it worth it ?
3,null,null,I know it is a positive start .
4,null,null,I have never sought professional help
5,null,null,so I am not diagnosed with any mental or emotional conditions , however , I feel so empty and sad all the time .
6,null,null,I tried talking to my parents
7,null,null,however my dad told me to man up and
8,null,null,my mother goes on about Jesus .
9,null,null,I have spent the past 3 years at uni in a foreign country , I go like 10 classes max per semester .
10,null,null,, n once failed an entire semester because I could not bring myself to do more than leave the bed most days
11,null,null,If I stick it out I
12,null,null,Kno
13,null,null,I have a path to a good career
14,null,null,( dad has connections , blah blah I Kno
15,null,null,) n
16,null,null,a few people i ve talked to basically tell that I am spoilt and " have it good .
17,null,null," I feel guilty for existing sometimes .
18,null,null,Guess I am jus rambling now , have finals in about 5hrs n
19,null,null,I am doing my usual caffeine
20,null,null,fueled all nighter to save something I do not intrinsically care about but .
21,null,null,still need cuz I would feel even shittier if I do not get my degree
22,null,null,N
23,null,null,when I do get it , I will be just as purposeless and empty while i m
24,null,null,pursuing the next career step , it is a fucked up cycle .
358 7
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am 21 almost 22
2,null,null,and I feel like I have not accomplished enough at my age .
3,null,null,My age has been bothering me so much because everyone else my age is already ten steps ahead of me .
4,null,null,I still live with my parents and
5,null,null,it is so embarrassing
6,null,null,and I am trying to save up to move out , but
7,null,null,my social anxiety has caused my employer to cut my hours .
359 25
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I have never posted on here before
2,null,null,but i feel like i need to .
3,null,null,I no longer care about school or anything .
4,null,null,I want to kill myself
5,null,null,and i keep thinking about it
6,null,null,and I am going to continue to think about it .
7,null,null,I have been doing drugs lately to try and keep from going insane in this town .
8,null,null,I am alone for most of my days .
9,null,null,I do not really have parents to go home to , like my other friends .
10,null,null,I am 16 in case anyone is wondering .
11,null,null,I am alone every night
12,null,null,and i am tired of being alone ..
13,null,null,there is nothing here for me , no life .
14,null,null,I am going to keep doing drugs
15,null,null,and i hope i kill myself .
16,null,null,I am sure my family cares , i know they do
17,null,null,but they can not help me .
18,null,null,I do not want to see a doctor , i want to die .
19,null,null,I have no motivation , i can not concentrate in school .
20,null,null,I am not planning on being around for a while .
21,null,null,I can not handle being alone anymore ..
22,null,null,my dad is always with his girlfriend ..
23,null,null,all the time , i never spend any time with my mom or dad ..
24,null,null,it does not really matter now anyway
25,null,null,, it is all too late .
360 23
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am trying to go back to school after dropping out of college many years back , and
2,null,null,I have got this real supportive boyfriend who wants to help me .
3,null,null,Problem is , he is got this need for me to go out there and change the world .
4,null,null,He keeps saying I need to be better than everyone in my class , and
5,null,null,that I need to be hyper - prepared before I even start class .
6,null,null,I do not mind boning up on the class material beforehand , but
7,null,null,he wants to help me come up with theses and bring those to my undergrad profs for help , and he wants me to read a whole bunch of texts from my chosen field before the semester starts .
8,null,null,He also wants me to study anatomy because , as he says " anatomy does not really change " , so I can be the " go to " person with whom all my classmates will want to study .
9,null,null,I am really bright and , but
10,null,null,would like to make something out of myself
11,null,null,he is got such high hopes and he wants me to do way too much way too soon .
12,null,null,I do not even know for certain what I want to be at this point - getting back into the liberal arts program
13,null,null,just seems like a good start towards deciding and acting .
14,null,null,All this pressure from him is making it hard for me to even take the baby steps I need to take to make anything at all happen .
15,null,null,When I try to tell him it is too much pressure , we wind up in a shouting argument
16,null,null,( actually , I wind up doing most of the shouting - he just has this way of pressing my buttons . )
17,null,null,I have spent my whole life as an inactive perfectionist , and
18,null,null,all this from him just makes it hard to break free from that .
19,null,null,Meanwhile , he is afraid that I am going to spend my life playing video games ( a reasonable fear at the moment . )
20,null,null,He keeps saying lately that I need to move out of childhood , but
21,null,null,he wants to parent me .
22,null,null,rrbleh .. is there some way to just move around him without having all these arguments , and ?
23,null,null,without letting him pressure me
361 292
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,My story , i have to get this off my chest .
2,null,null,Life sucks
3,null,null,Hello everyone , This is a post about my life basically
4,null,null,, i just need to get this off my chest .
5,null,null,Its a long post
6,null,null,but i just have to do this .
7,null,null,Let me introduce myself first .
8,null,null,Currently i m a 19yo boy who turns 20 in March , I live in Belgium
9,null,null,( grammar will be bad sorry ) .
10,null,null,I have 1 older brother , 2 loving parents who are still together .
11,null,null,And oh yeahh i have a very cute pupper as well .
12,null,null,Financially everything is fine .
13,null,null,Basically a family some people only can dream for .
14,null,null,I mainly play on nintendo consoles ( switch , 3ds , gba , n64 ) and
15,null,null,the MMORPG runescape ( do nt laugh
16,null,null,I consider myself a extravert to my friends but an introvert when i m talking to girls ( lol ) or strangers .
17,null,null,I have always had a rough time fitting at school .
18,null,null,Our elementary school was VERY SMALL , it only had 75 kids ( including kindergarden ) .
19,null,null,I was always the " odd one out " , but
20,null,null,because it was so small
21,null,null,i had 1 friend .
22,null,null,We played alot together and
23,null,null,it was a ok time really .
24,null,null,but when i was 5 most people around me started to notice that i made weird random noises .
25,null,null,And that i made small movements with my shoulders ( unnatural ones ) .
26,null,null,Friends got annoyed , parents got annoyed , everyone got annoyed .
27,null,null,Eventually my teacher screamed at me telling me to shut up , RIP ME .
28,null,null,Eventually mom took me to a specialist and .
29,null,null,it turned out i have Gilles de la Tourette syndrome
30,null,null,, if you youtube this you will get extreme cases where people shout fuck and ass , and move uncontrollably all over the place
31,null,null,THIS IS NOT THE CASE WITH ME .
32,null,null,I think Tourette affected my life ALOT ( it still does ! ! ) .
33,null,null,I was always a really shy kid until i was 11
34,null,null,, i started to accept my tourettes and .
35,null,null,was a happy 11yo
36,null,null,--
37,null,null,*
38,null,null,* HIGH SCHOOL
39,null,null,*
40,null,null,*
41,null,null,( from 12 to 18yo , its devided in 6 " classes " .
42,null,null,This is where the problems started , when i just started high school
43,null,null,i was scared but excited like everyone .
44,null,null,Unfortunately for me i got the SHITTIEST bullies in my class .
45,null,null,I had no friends in year 1 , they made fun of me becuz of my tourettes
46,null,null,( i did nt tell them becuz they would nt understand ) .
47,null,null,It got to a point where i just smacked someone on the head with a baseball bat .
48,null,null,Teachers knew of my situation so we both got 1 week detention .
49,null,null,I was " depressed " during that year , you know the teenage life , its hard .
50,null,null,Year 2 they changed me to another class
51,null,null,and they were OK .
52,null,null,They did nt bully me but
53,null,null,they did nt talk to me either .
54,null,null,They just left me alone really , during those 2 years i had 1 friend who i talked with but he also had his own friends .
55,null,null,So most of the time i was alone .
56,null,null,But that friend had no common interests , so i ended up playing runescape all day , u can talk with other players there
57,null,null,and i had plenty of friends in there .
58,null,null,It felt awesome to have friends
59,null,null,and i spent all my time there neglecting my studies .
60,null,null,But somehow i passed the first 2 years lol .
61,null,null,I thought year 1 was bad , but
62,null,null,then i met year 3 ( different school ) .
63,null,null,I got bullied even more in this class , they called me names , .
64,null,null,ignored me , humiliated me in class and started bitching if they had to sit next to me
65,null,null,Luckily they never got fysical with me ( idk
66,null,null,if that s the right word ) .
67,null,null,In the middle of that year I decided in the middle of the fucking winter ( it was snowing ) in morning to take the bus
68,null,null,( mom was always home
69,null,null,and it was near our house ) and .
70,null,null,to step of early
71,null,null,Spent 2 hours in a small freezing cold chapel playing on my nintendo 3ds , go to my house after mom left and spend playing games in my room .
72,null,null,After 3 days the school called , my mom found out .
73,null,null,I was stuck and .
74,null,null,told her everything about the bullying , about me feeling like absolute shit and that i had no motivation to go to school
75,null,null,She let the teachers know , went to school .
76,null,null,, got me to a psychiatrist
77,null,null,The bullying stopped , but they still ignored me , i still had nt any friends
78,null,null,and i still did nt feel any better .
79,null,null,I somehow survived the 4 next months and .
80,null,null,passed
81,null,null,If i had 1.1 % lower in total i would have failed that year .
82,null,null,The only way i felt better was with playing runescape .
83,null,null,YEAR 4 - 6 IS IN THE SAME CLASS WITH THE SAME PEOPLE , in year 5 three people joined Year 4
84,null,null,kinda went the same as year 2
85,null,null,believe it or .
86,null,null,not
87,null,null,The classmates were ok , they did nt bully me , they talked to me when needed
88,null,null,but that was it .
89,null,null,I spent my time with some kids i met on the playground .
90,null,null,But u know they were those kind of friends
91,null,null,u just spent time with becuz nobody else is around .
92,null,null,They never invited me to go to parties or to hang around or anything .
93,null,null,This year was also the 1st year i told them about my Tourette Syndrome
94,null,null,( i got some damn weird looks at times
95,null,null,and i did nt even realize i was making sounds ) .
96,null,null,They understood , they acted more nice to me , i did nt feel left out so much but .
97,null,null,was still unhappy
98,null,null,And on runescape i got into a community ( clan ) , made some good friends there .
99,null,null,It was the only place in the word i was truly happy .
100,null,null,Year 5 , same class as last year .
101,null,null,3 people joined and
102,null,null,1 of them became a friend of mine .
103,null,null,To be completely honest he is still one of my best friends today , but
104,null,null,i come back to that later .
105,null,null,Lets call him J ,
106,null,null,Ok
107,null,null,so now i had a friend .
108,null,null,We had a small group of 3 people now , S ( other classmate who was nice to me ) , J and me .
109,null,null,2 others from another class joined the group somehow
110,null,null,and i finally made some friends .
111,null,null,We started going to parties and
112,null,null,they invited me .
113,null,null,Unlucky for me they do nt play runescape and
114,null,null,have different interests in gaming , thanks to this
115,null,null,i m not
116,null,null,that close to them .
117,null,null,But i was finally starting to be happy
118,null,null,becuz
119,null,null,i had friends .
120,null,null,All the small things that bothered me ( sitting alone , always last chosen at sports etc etc .. ) , bothered me alot less becuz
121,null,null,i was super happy
122,null,null,i finally found something positive in my life .
123,null,null,I survived year 5 and 6 fairly positive compared to year 1 and 3 .
124,null,null,We all graduated and
125,null,null,college time arrived --
126,null,null,*
127,null,null,* COLLEGE
128,null,null,*
129,null,null,*
130,null,null,This was last year , so
131,null,null,this is super recent .
132,null,null,I decided to study " orthopedagogie " , it does nt have an english translation .
133,null,null,Its working with mentally disabled people or troubled young people , stuff like that .
134,null,null,Ofcourse I begged my parents for a student room , i wanted to have a great college life like in the movies !
135,null,null,Everyone says its the best time of your life
136,null,null,and you should enjoy it to the fullest .
137,null,null,Oh boy
138,null,null,i was so so dumb for believing it would be that easy .
139,null,null,And ofcourse i also joined a society .
140,null,null,Finally growing up like an adult and living alone , I WAS FREE .
141,null,null,In my class i got along with most of them , we had some good laughs during breaks
142,null,null,, went to our class etc ..
143,null,null,but i was the only one who had a student room ( unlucky ) .
144,null,null,So ye that was that .
145,null,null,In my society i tried making friends , but
146,null,null,it did nt work out really .
147,null,null,I missed some first important parties becuz
148,null,null,i decided to go with some classmates
149,null,null,( i still think to this day that this was a huge mistake ) , when i went to parties alone to make friends ( because i realized my class was lame )
150,null,null,they already a " friend group " .
151,null,null,I did nt know ( and .
152,null,null,still do nt ) how to make contact with them and make friends
153,null,null,I was really really really lonely last year , i just spent all my time playing runescape , talking with my online friends .
154,null,null,November 2016 i met someone and
155,null,null,we became super super super super close .
156,null,null,( he is american , not lovers just friends ) .
157,null,null,We still talk to each other everyday .
158,null,null,Man we even were planning to go to japan together
159,null,null,but my mom wo nt let me .
160,null,null,But coming back to that later .
161,null,null,During the weekends i had my old friend group from highschool , we still hang out 2x per month , we still do .
162,null,null,But they mostly spent time studying and hanging out with their uni friends .
163,null,null,They did nt left me out or
164,null,null,anything
165,null,null,but i had lost alot of contact with them .
166,null,null,I failed 50 % of my courses , i decided to call it quits .
167,null,null,I was happy that i could finally leave that student room .
168,null,null,uni year 1 was HORRIBLE .
169,null,null,I liked the study i was doing , so
170,null,null,i decided to try it again but in a lower degree ,
171,null,null,its in a school for adults ( 18 + ) .
172,null,null,Its hard to explain
173,null,null,but basically i ended up with 60 % out of 20 people to be 30 + and .
174,null,null,have kids
175,null,null,It was class 1x a week and internship
176,null,null,( idk
177,null,null,if that s the right word ) 2.5 days per week .
178,null,null,I was working with adults who had a mental disability .
179,null,null,Last year i never had internship , only class .
180,null,null,It turns out that Orthopedagogie is not the study for me .
181,null,null,I do nt want to do this the rest of my life .
182,null,null,I had officially quit november 2017 .
183,null,null,-- We finally arrived to the present time , .
184,null,null,thank you for the people that made it here
185,null,null,So here i am , a 19 year old boy ( almost 20 ) , wasted 1.5 years in uni , wasting parents money ..
186,null,null,I have no idea what i want to study next ..
187,null,null,The only study i consider doing is social work , luckily for me u can start in february .
188,null,null,So i have to do some shitty job from november - february .
189,null,null,I still have my highschool friends who i hang out with 2x per month ?
190,null,null,I have a loving brother and parents , good financial situation .
191,null,null,I can earn some quick cash for 3 months and .
192,null,null,go back to study
193,null,null,But to be completely honest .. I DONT SEE
194,null,null,THE FUCKING POINT .
195,null,null,My whole life
196,null,null,i have felt lonely , sometimes with a good reason , sometimes really without a reason .
197,null,null,I have dealt with " depression " ( not officially diagnosed ) , or
198,null,null,atleast
199,null,null,felt like i was .
200,null,null,To be completelty honest .
201,null,null,I feel like a sad little fucking sack of shit .
202,null,null,What have i achieved in my life ?
203,null,null,Fucking nothing .
204,null,null,I ca nt even think like a fucking normal person
205,null,null,, people think i m weird , i do nt have logical sense .
206,null,null,Everyday i have to force myself out of bed .
207,null,null,Its been like this for so long now that i m starting to get used to it .
208,null,null,Even now that i do nt have a job until feb , i simply do nt have the strength to get out of bed .
209,null,null,I sleep 12 hrs per day just so the day passes by faster .
210,null,null,I do nt feel like going out
211,null,null,, i do nt feel like talking to people .
212,null,null,Runescape was always my escape , but
213,null,null,i simply do not have the motivation to even play runescape .
214,null,null,On the outside i still act normal , i laugh and
215,null,null,act like
216,null,null,everything is fine
217,null,null,so my parents wo nt worry .
218,null,null,Whenever i have a job they fire me because " i work to slow " .
219,null,null,Once i worked in a storage for a store and .
220,null,null,had to get the order from customers
221,null,null,You have to use " common sense " all the time , and
222,null,null,they said i did nt have that enough for this job .
223,null,null,This happened 3x ..
224,null,null,Remember when i said that i have tourette syndrome , well i always told myself that it also does have a " mental " side to it .
225,null,null,I can come across different then the " normal person " , or .
226,null,null,use the wrong word in sentences to express myself
227,null,null,And i interpret things differently at times , i usually need to hear the explanation multiple times and
228,null,null,they have to explain it very clearly .
229,null,null,My parents just said i m a slow learner
230,null,null,but with " hard work i get there " .
231,null,null,This fucked me over so many times in life , and
232,null,null,whenever i tell people / friends about the mental side of tourette they all have that expression on their face .
233,null,null,The face of " ohh that explains alot , but
234,null,null,i also feel so sorry for you " .
235,null,null,I m so fucking sick of it , i m not
236,null,null,even sure if this happens becuz of my tourette .
237,null,null,I m really starting to think this is just all in my head and that i m just retarded .
238,null,null,( my iq is average tho ) .
239,null,null,I often imagine myself having some disorder to make myself feel better , i really do nt know what to do with myself .
240,null,null,I feel like an absolute loser who ca nt even think like a normal person .
241,null,null,Last 6 months i bought myself a nintendo switch + .
242,null,null,some games to cheer myself up
243,null,null,it gets me trough some days but
244,null,null,in the end i still end up having no energy to get out of bed .
245,null,null,BUT i feel like an arrogant asshole writing this , i have nothing to complain about ..
246,null,null,Alot of people had the worst childhood , or ..
247,null,null,had a traumatic experience
248,null,null,I have a family many people can only dream of ?
249,null,null,financially i m good .
250,null,null,I have the chance to try studying again ..
251,null,null,I HAVE NO REASON TO FEEL
252,null,null,THIS WAY
253,null,null,AND IT MAKES
254,null,null,ME GO INSANE .
255,null,null,I m having alot of negative thoughts , and
256,null,null,i ca nt get them out of my head .
257,null,null,I do nt see the light in the end of the tunnel .
258,null,null,( Not stuff like suicide or self cutting btw ) .
259,null,null,As i said earlier i met someone a year ago trough rs .
260,null,null,I can always talk to him , i never met him in person
261,null,null,but we discord at times and message each other everyday .
262,null,null,I feel more connected to him than my IRL friends .
263,null,null,They have no same interests , other life goals ..
264,null,null,How sad is that ?
265,null,null,Fkn someone i met online is my best friend ?
266,null,null,He is the only 1 that knows how i feel
267,null,null,but he does nt understand how i feel .
268,null,null,He tries to support me , but
269,null,null,it does nt help .
270,null,null,-- I m not making this post
271,null,null,so everyone feels bad for me ..
272,null,null,I m just so sick of life ..
273,null,null,I do nt know what to do ..
274,null,null,My parents have their own problems and
275,null,null,think i m over exaggerating ..
276,null,null," Grow up son ?
277,null,null,Everyone has to get a job "
278,null,null," Grow up for once " .
279,null,null,But they do nt know what it feel like to drag yourself trough the whole day 24/7
280,null,null,( atleast i hope they do nt ) .
281,null,null,They think i m just lazy and ..
282,null,null,do nt want to work
283,null,null,I feel isolated from the world
284,null,null,and i ca nt get out of it .
285,null,null,Ok god damnit
286,null,null,i m re - reading this post , at this point i m just rambling ..
287,null,null,Idk what i expect from posting this here ..
288,null,null,Maybe its just to give my empty brain a boost ..
289,null,null,I will just end this post now
290,null,null,or i keep adding stuff .
291,null,null,EDIT :
292,null,null,i have no clue how to get the text all the same size
362 32
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I often ponder the idea of giving up completely .
2,null,null,Has anyone given up completely ?
3,null,null,How does it feel like ?
4,null,null,I have had extreme depression for 11 years .
5,null,null,For as long as I can remember I have tried so hard to stay alive .
6,null,null,There was a point in my life where I gave up .
7,null,null,I remember my mom was beating me
8,null,null,and I put up my hands to block the belt
9,null,null,and I was crying .
10,null,null,I remember after one of the times she struck me I started to think what
11,null,null,if I gave up ?
12,null,null,And I just shut down .
13,null,null,In that moment I stopped putting my hands up , .
14,null,null,stopped crying , and rolled into a ball while mom kept beating me for a few more minutes
15,null,null,For a few years after that I stopped caring about my appearance .
16,null,null,I got so fat
17,null,null,and I just kept eating and eating .
18,null,null,I stopped caring about my grades and .
19,null,null,did not even try
20,null,null,I would just turn in a blank paper with my name on it .
21,null,null,During high school I woke up and .
22,null,null,started to try again even though it was really hard
23,null,null,Since then I have not stopped .
24,null,null,I regularly do thing I do not want to do in an effort to make it by .
25,null,null,I get up at 5 , I shower every day , I go to the gym
26,null,null,, I do my homework , study , etc .
27,null,null,Currently , I have been working my butt off to be able to join the military to get away from my parents .
28,null,null,My depression is acting up so much , it is getting really hard to keep trying .
29,null,null,I often find myself daydreaming and pondering how good / easy
30,null,null,it would feel /
31,null,null,be to just stop what I am doing and give up .
32,null,null,Get in bed , stay in bed , go eat , eat some more , and more , finally not caring about my appearance and just not doing anything in general .
363 65
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,We were all given about five minutes to decipher what the fuck this meant .
2,null,null,Now , Mr. Runge had a reputation for being a tough teacher .
3,null,null,He would not let you get away with ANYTHING .
4,null,null,If you fell asleep in his class because you were out all night in some cornfield with a bonfire and a bottle of Jack , he would kick your desk in such a way that your head would fly upward at warp speed and your hangover would instantly get very very bad , and .
5,null,null,then suddenly disappear
6,null,null,Mr. Runge had some freaky special power that students could not tap into .
7,null,null,I knew what the acronym stood for .
8,null,null,But that is only because my high school boyfriend was a year ahead of me and gave me a heads up on how the first day with the Jolly Green Giant would play out . "
9,null,null,He is going to write this on the board ,
10,null,null,make you feel incredibly stupid
11,null,null,and then it will be over . "
12,null,null,TINSTAAFL , pronounced TinStaffel .
13,null,null,There Is No Such Thing As A Free Lunch .
14,null,null,Runge went on to explain that " free " did not exist .
15,null,null,The " free " lunches at college tours were paid for when your parents registered you were charged a " service " fee .
16,null,null,Or , more on my level , Clinique never REALLY has a " Free Gift with Purchase " .
17,null,null,Because , you see ..
18,null,null,you have to make the purchase
19,null,null,, dumb ass !
20,null,null,And they over charge every other product just enough so that you are really paying for your " free " gift .
21,null,null,This burst my bubble .
22,null,null,Because now , whenever I take something marketed as free , I know I am paying some sort of overhead or
23,null,null,some poor schmuck is working extra hard so that I can get 2.5 ounces more of my favorite shampoo for the price of the regular size !
24,null,null,You would think that I would have held on to this knowledge while looking for apartments .
25,null,null,While scanning the ads , I bypassed the ones that used words like " full of character " , because I knew that meant dump and " TLC needed " , because I knew that meant dump .
26,null,null,The one I honed in on boasted country living , quiet , serene , pond , lots o ' land and everything included !
27,null,null,I love where I live .
28,null,null,I can not say it enough .
29,null,null,If I did not think raccoons would eat me at this hour , I would jump on top of the roof and
30,null,null,scream to the surrounding hills
31,null,null," I love you and all your coniferous smells and the creatures you shelter ! "
32,null,null,( Yeah , apparently the rooftop would make me a tad wordy . )
33,null,null,My landlords are awesome people .
34,null,null,Salt of the earth .
35,null,null,Nice , down - home , trusting folk .
36,null,null,And , as the contract for country people reads , " Coon Hounds Must Be Owned and .
37,null,null,Bred "
38,null,null,I had never seen a breed of this type until I moved here .
39,null,null,The momma dog was so sweet and gentle and quiet .
40,null,null,She was quite the fatty too !
41,null,null,Then suddenly she was not .
42,null,null,And in her pen were ten little squeaky pups
43,null,null,, eyes shut tight , blindly falling into food and water dishes , only to be rescued by momma .
44,null,null,Cute , no ?
45,null,null,Who does not love puppies ? ?
46,null,null,( If you bring Jackson up , I will have to cut you . )
47,null,null,It is been about month .
48,null,null,Puppies have found their voices .
49,null,null,All ten of them .
50,null,null,And even the momma is begging for a release .
51,null,null,Tigger is in the window , constantly doing a head count to make sure everyone is in their place and not a single one wanders off into oblivion .
52,null,null,He is exhausted .
53,null,null,Momma is exhausted because at night she performs a constant howl that cracks my heart .
54,null,null,She is begging to be released from those needy fucking kids for at least ONE night of respite .
55,null,null,And I am exhausted .
56,null,null,Because momma will not shut up and deal with her fate and every time a puppy so much as peeps , gaymancat is all over my head doing a get - up -
57,null,null,because - they - might - run - into - traffic - and - get - hit - by - one - of - the - four - cars - that - pass - by - here - at - night dance .
58,null,null,So I get up .
59,null,null,I get a drink .
60,null,null,And the howling stops .
61,null,null,And Tigger falls asleep in my space on the bed .
62,null,null,Yeah ..
63,null,null,a great apartment , a story book front /
64,null,null,back yard , nice landlords , cute puppies and SLEEPLESS NIGHTS .
65,null,null,All included !
364 19
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am drunk and lonely , and and
2,null,null,my family is worried about me .
3,null,null,They are so loving .
4,null,null,But I can not connect with them .
5,null,null,I have a kinda - sorta girlfriend .
6,null,null,She is very nice , but
7,null,null,we get doubts about each other .
8,null,null,I have a good job , but
9,null,null,I do not perform well in it .
10,null,null,I drink multiple times every week .
11,null,null,It is usually not such strong drink , but
12,null,null,yet it is bad .
13,null,null,I have paid for sex in the past ( did not work ) .
14,null,null,I am somebody who is so inspired
15,null,null,but so tired of constant deafening nature of life .
16,null,null,I am tired .
17,null,null,I am hurting or .
18,null,null,disappointing everyone
19,null,null,What should I do ?
365 34
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,In a bad headspace after a breakup with someone who finally made me feel like things would be okay
2,null,null,It is been a week since I returned from a six month exchange program overseas .
3,null,null,There , I ended a 2y relationship with an addict , who I still cared for but could not love anymore .
4,null,null,Then , of course , I fell in love with someone .
5,null,null,We were inseparable for the six months .
6,null,null,As I struggle with depression , anxiety and schizoaffective disorder , it has not been the easiest for him .
7,null,null,We planned to end our relationship and continue as friends , but
8,null,null,just could not bear to at the departure gates .
9,null,null,We decided to try a long distance relationship , but
10,null,null,after a week , he is had enough of me .
11,null,null,He has his own problems , and
12,null,null,we live 20 hours apart with a 12h time difference , so I do not blame him at all .
13,null,null,I do however carry a lot of resentment for myself for being so down in the past week and pushing him .
14,null,null,I used to be really sociable , but
15,null,null,a multitude of issues have led me to slowly isolate myself from people .
16,null,null,I still have friends , but
17,null,null,they either do not actually gaf or they have their own problems
18,null,null,and I do not want to add on to their burdens .
19,null,null,It is also very difficult for me to meet people without any alcohol or drugs to calm the anxietysomething I am trying to stay away from as my addiction problems have led me to the psych ward .
20,null,null,Besides , how much can friends be there for you ?
21,null,null,It is you alone in your bed staring at the ceiling til noon the next day for days on end
22,null,null,( I have had terrible insomnia since coming home ) .
23,null,null,I am still on school break , can not really occupy my mind by going outside to meet friends or take a part time job or just walk around due to anxiety and psychosis , and all the things I used to watch
24,null,null,/ do to cheer myself up ( music , slam poetry , writing , youtube , netflix , games )
25,null,null,I have associated very strongly with him as we have very similar habits .
26,null,null,So anything that could make me pass the time makes me sad .
27,null,null,I have loved and
28,null,null,lost many times
29,null,null,and I know it gets better eventually ,
30,null,null,but currently it gets very very dark in my mind
31,null,null,and I am not sure what I can do to survive in the meantime .
32,null,null,I am in a very bad place and
33,null,null,feel very anhedonic and suicidal thoughts are back ( having been accumulated from all these problems ) .
34,null,null,He was the one person that made me feel like someone understood and was there in this big bad world , and without him I feel like I am floating and nothing will make me feel okay again for a long time .
366 8
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,The only time I can enjoy my life is when I am watching anime / listening to music Every time I put on those headphones that allow me to leave this miserable reality , I feel alive .
2,null,null,Any other time I feel like I am just lifelessly struggling to deal with my responsibilities .
3,null,null,That is why I listen to music all the time .
4,null,null,That is why I only get excited when watching anime .
5,null,null,I need fiction to get me through a day or else
6,null,null,I go completely numb .
7,null,null,So uhh is this a problem ?
8,null,null,Or is it normal ?
367 27
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I have been having a difficult time lately .
2,null,null,In addition to my mental state of disarray , I have a medical condition that can affect my mood .
3,null,null,My medication has changed lately ; my body has not caught up the difference yet .
4,null,null,The last few days have been particularly bad , especially at night .
5,null,null,The familiar sensation lurks again on my upper leg .
6,null,null,Scissors .
7,null,null,Half - dozen lines -- my usual , though in the past I would sometimes keep cutting until my self - hatred was momentarily spent .
8,null,null,Pressure on the blade to force the skin to gape slightly and bleed more .
9,null,null,I am not proud .
10,null,null,I knew it was not the best way to cope .
11,null,null,I did at least take the precautions of using a sharp blade , knowing that a jagged blade could leave a jagged wound , and of lavish aftercare .
12,null,null,I washed it out with rubbing alcohol , which causes renewed bleeding but was necessary to keep everything clean and infection - free .
13,null,null,Covered everything with a jumbo Band - Aid , the kind kids put on skinned knees , and .
14,null,null,have not dared to look since
15,null,null,Afterward , I was afraid that I was back to my old ways .
16,null,null,I told myself in near - hysterics that this was strictly a one - time backslide .
17,null,null,The surprising part is that I believed myself .
18,null,null,This does not make me a cutter again .
19,null,null,This does not mean that I have lost everything that I have gained .
20,null,null,All it means is that I have been having an extraordinarily bad time and resorted to extraordinary behavior in order to cope .
21,null,null,My situation will improve .
22,null,null,My body chemistry will even out .
23,null,null,It is better not to cut , but
24,null,null,I am not a bad person even if I do cut .
25,null,null,The words are stupidly simple .
26,null,null,I do not care .
27,null,null,They are my magic that keeps me going .
368 27
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I want to pay off my debt then kill myself .
2,null,null,I came from a really poor family , .
3,null,null,worked hard during primary and secondary school
4,null,null,Got a scholarship for college which paid me 10k
5,null,null,a year as well as .
6,null,null,covering my school fees
7,null,null,Gave parents the money , it paid for the bills as well as
8,null,null,my siblings is school fees .
9,null,null,Thought
10,null,null,life was good , studying what i love .
11,null,null,However , i got bullied until i ca nt take it anymore and requested a change of class , the school rejected my request .
12,null,null,I then requested to take a semester off school , but
13,null,null,the contract for the scholarship states that i have to complete school by 3 years or the contract will be terminated .
14,null,null,Failed a module and
15,null,null,i have to extend my time in college by a year , which caused my scholarship to be terminated .
16,null,null,Which in turn placed me in a 30k debt .
17,null,null,Now , i do not have money to pay for school , so
18,null,null,i had to leave .
19,null,null,I m out without any qualifications except for a secondary school cert , with the organisation that offered me the scholarship requesting 1k per month for installments .
20,null,null,I have always looked forward to my dream job , i was so close , i volunteer every weekend to get experience from that job .
21,null,null,Now it feels like everything is taken from me .
22,null,null,I appealed to have my scholarship reinstated 3 times , explaining the issues that i had , giving them the medical reports from my doctors , bringing up the volunteer work i did .
23,null,null,But on the latest attempt , i got a call saying that they never planned to accept my appeal .
24,null,null,It really feels like everything is taken from me .
25,null,null,I feel like just working to pay off my debt so as to not burden my family as the debtors will go for them if i die now .
26,null,null,There is nothing to look forward to anymore .
27,null,null,3 years of suffering incoming
369 12
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I Could Use Some Support
2,null,null,Right Now Yesterday my best friend of five years attempted to kill their self .
3,null,null,I am currently being blown away by school ( grad school if it really matters ) .
4,null,null,I do not know what to think at all .
5,null,null,This is midterm week and
6,null,null,most my profs are understanding but the one class I am worried about the prof gave me the option of writing and being stuck with whatever mark I get or not writing and the weight being shifted onto my final
7,null,null,but I need the feedback to decide if I am going to even stay in the course because it is incredibly difficult .
8,null,null,It just feels like nothing is going my way currently
9,null,null,and it is so hard to study or focus .
10,null,null,side note ; another prof let me write as told them ( like I did the other )
11,null,null,that I wanted it as a distraction and .
12,null,null,said that if I did bad they would shift the weight to my final
370 40
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I think I may have been on this forum ( it looked different ) back in 2002 when I had a major bout with depression and anxiety due to some serious financial worries .
2,null,null,I have always been prone to this I guess , but
3,null,null,I am starting to figure out that it is big , nasty life - changes that trigger it .
4,null,null,Well , here I go again .
5,null,null,This time it is relationship - related .
6,null,null,My wife and I are on brink of divorce .
7,null,null,I found out almost a year ago that she has been emotionally involved with another man , and .
8,null,null,was no longer " in - love " with me
9,null,null,We somehow muddled through the next several months , even though I found out it was still going on , we kept " trying " anyway , and things were still tolerable and ok , I guess .
10,null,null,( We still shared same bed , .
11,null,null,got affectionate , cuddled and even made love )
12,null,null,About 3 weeks ago , I discovered that it still had not ended , and
13,null,null,they were actually conspiring on getting together in March .
14,null,null,Well , all hell broke loose and
15,null,null,things got worse than ever .
16,null,null,I am now in a separate room , sleeping on a single bed , and
17,null,null,I am miserable .
18,null,null,I resumed Wellbutrin when this all started last spring
19,null,null,( I took Wellbutrin for about 9 months when I had my episode in 2002 ) , and .
20,null,null,have been taking it since
21,null,null,But since this really bad turn of events , I knew I could not take it , and to be honest , even before I discovered again , my therapist told me that I need to revisit my doctor and prescriptions because I have got some serious anxiety issues .
22,null,null,So now I just started Zoloft ( 25mg / day ) in addition to the Wellbutrin .
23,null,null,I do not know how things are going to turn out .
24,null,null,I am in " limbo " while I give her " time and space to figure things out . "
25,null,null,The Zoloft I think started to kick in today , but .
26,null,null,not in a good way
27,null,null,I am actually feeling MORE depressed when I came in this morning ..
28,null,null,I almost broke down crying in front of my computer
29,null,null,-argh !
30,null,null,My mood swings are horrible .
31,null,null,All I can think about is going home and , even though I hate that bed and want to be in the big bed with my wife .
32,null,null,crawling into my bed and taking an Ambien
33,null,null,I almost wish at times that she would just say , " That is it , we are done " ,
34,null,null,so I can know what is going on and just move on with my life .
35,null,null,I may end up single and lonely anyway , but
36,null,null,at least I will have the opportunity to look for someone else .
37,null,null,Right now I feel like a prisoner , being starved of basic human needs , like hugs , touches , affection .
38,null,null,( Does not that sound lame from a guy ? ? )
39,null,null,Well , anyway , here I am ..
40,null,null,here for the ride ..
371 10
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,When I was 10 , my babysitter molested me many times over the course of 1 year .
2,null,null,Many of the times she would make me dress up in girl is clothes
3,null,null,and she would take me out that way .
4,null,null,I am 30 now .
5,null,null,I still can not have sex .
6,null,null,I still can not go out into public without having severe anxiety attacks .
7,null,null,And when I am at home , I find myself cross dressing sometimes .
8,null,null,The shrinks with whom I have spoken have never been helpful
9,null,null,so I am hoping this post finds someone who may have some idea of what I went through and am going through now .
10,null,null,Please write if you have any ideas to share .
372 33
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Despair is the normal state of my life .
2,null,null,I have not drank though
3,null,null,I have no urge to drink .
4,null,null,I just want to stop .
5,null,null,Stop moving .
6,null,null,Just end .
7,null,null,I keep picturing myself walking out on my job .
8,null,null,Getting kicked out of my apartment .
9,null,null,Living in my car .
10,null,null,That being repossessed .
11,null,null,And eventually ending up in a gutter , wrapped in a a blanket but still freezing to death .
12,null,null,Just frozen .
13,null,null,Not moving , .
14,null,null,not willing and thus not physically able to bring myself to it
15,null,null,There is no point to it .
16,null,null,It is never enough .
17,null,null,Not matter how much you work , how hard you try , it does not work .
18,null,null,I do not get ahead .
19,null,null,Everything I am , someone is better at it .
20,null,null,And anything I do , I can be replaced .
21,null,null,And if I do find success by some small measure , I acclimate and .
22,null,null,find myself just as miserable
23,null,null,Nothing has changed .
24,null,null,I did a long big post a few weeks ago about all the supposed progress I made .
25,null,null,It does not bring me happiness anymore .
26,null,null,I am so fucking far behind
27,null,null,I will never get to a place where I feel safe , .
28,null,null,so fuck it
29,null,null,I just want to exit .
30,null,null,I am sick of being a cog in a machine I never wanted to help built or run .
31,null,null,Life is just work , sleep , and distract .
32,null,null,I am not sure why I am writing it .
33,null,null,I do not know how I found the motivation .
373 17
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Reddit sucks , and
2,null,null,I have decided to delete it .
3,null,null,Anytime I go outside the depression
4,null,null,sub
5,null,null,my opinions and comments are just shitted on because I am not the same fake moral high or smug asshole that most other people on reddit seem to be .
6,null,null,Oh you have a non leftist opinion ?
7,null,null,Fuck you then !
8,null,null,Like seriously this is reddit front page in a nut shell and
9,null,null,even any smaller sub Reddit is there is still a bunch of assholes everywhere .
10,null,null,I come on here in an attempt to aid my depression but even on this sub , though allot of people are nice and kind
11,null,null,and I really appreciate everyone is kind words
12,null,null,, it is not helping me
13,null,null,and I am just gon na stop wasting my time .
14,null,null,Tata fuck you reddit .
15,null,null,Depressed sub people
16,null,null,you guys are aight but .
17,null,null,fuck everyone else
374 39
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am just waste of sperm Where to start ?
2,null,null,Well I only life with my mom in shit
3,null,null,apartment(my dad was alcoholic ect . )
4,null,null,My mom is in debt because of school .. and .
5,null,null,has been in dept all her life
6,null,null,So all my 17 years we are poor .
7,null,null,Sometimes we live without electricity because she can not pay in time .
8,null,null,In school when there is a road trip to somewhere I do not go and .
9,null,null,say I do not want to go because I can not afford
10,null,null,( sometimes I want to go
11,null,null,but most of the time I do not because of my mental illness .. )
12,null,null,Sometimes i do not have nothing to eat for dinner .
13,null,null,All my 17 years I only eat 2 different food at home .. potatoes or pasta .
14,null,null,Because we are poor my teeth are really bad of eating all the shit junk food .
15,null,null,I just do not smile anymore .
16,null,null,Soo another problem is I am stupid just plain stupid I had to repeat classes 2 times
17,null,null,and now I just do not care anymore because i will probably kill myself .
18,null,null,I have low self - esteem .
19,null,null,I SOO FCKING
20,null,null,BAD HATE MYSELF
21,null,null,IT 'S
22,null,null,JUST RIDICULOUS .
23,null,null,So I have got soo many mental problems like ocd , bipolar , depression , anxiety , social anxiety
24,null,null,sometimes I have panic attacks , I have signs of autism and
25,null,null,i m likely to be asexual .
26,null,null,I have only 2 friends who I start to rarely see because I stay at home all day in bed .
27,null,null,I have Phimosis too .
28,null,null,So my life is just great .
29,null,null,In my life I have never got what I wanted because we are poor ..
30,null,null,soo
31,null,null,I just hate my life nothing gives me happiness .
32,null,null,I do not really see the point in living tbh .
33,null,null,Nothing just inteests me .
34,null,null,We are just born to die .
35,null,null,Nice .
36,null,null,I would prefer to die before my mom dies because I just could not bear with that ..
37,null,null,Without my mom i would not survive in this lazy shit world !
38,null,null,I really hope Noone will read this i just wanted to rent .
39,null,null,Give me luck to finally kill myself !
375 97
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Well , a little update then .
2,null,null,For those who do not know me that well yet , ( which is everybody I suppose )
3,null,null,I am the 20 ( almost 21 ) year old that chose to take a break from school , due to pff what will it be ?
4,null,null,Anxiety , health problems regarding sleep / energy .
5,null,null,depression ,
6,null,null,I tried it again at some point , but
7,null,null,after 2 weeks found myself to be , not cured yet .
8,null,null,I figured it had to end , so I went looking for help .
9,null,null,Social worker , well that is all nice and stuff , but .
10,null,null,not too helpful
11,null,null,Then the official psychiatrists .
12,null,null,Well let is pick up from there ; the first one , in the Adolescents department directed me to another shrink after the first intake meeting , ; .
13,null,null,my help question
14,null,null,not sure
15,null,null,But something was keeping me from being able to fit in the system .
16,null,null,I also had concentration problems but
17,null,null,she did not want to dig into that .
18,null,null,So this new shrink , on a different department , made me fill in some forms
19,null,null,and we had some talks ( 2 )
20,null,null,and well , apparently the concentration problem IS a big issue and . )
21,null,null,causing a lot of damage as well as my past ( divorced parents , being bullied all my life etc etc
22,null,null,Okay
23,null,null,fine , so I says ; maybe I need something to help me sleep ?
24,null,null,And she suggested I go see my house doctor and ask for sleeping medicines .
25,null,null,Which I got , and
26,null,null,used for two weeks now
27,null,null,and .. nothing .
28,null,null,Well , the first 2 days were good , the 2 after that were less good , and
29,null,null,I do not even remember the ones after that .
30,null,null,I woke up automatically , and .
31,null,null,sometimes sleep was okay
32,null,null,But after 2 weeks I am still SO tired everyday , it is killing me .
33,null,null,I try and , but
34,null,null,keep up a new rhythm
35,null,null,it is so exhausting
36,null,null,and I feel like doing all sorts of happy things
37,null,null,but I just do not have the energy
38,null,null,and then I go
39,null,null,do it anyway
40,null,null,and I end up so hurt and tired .
41,null,null,Now , I can not take the medicines for more than two weeks , so
42,null,null,today was going to be my last .
43,null,null,Well , I sort of should have read the booklet I got with it before use .
44,null,null,It said I should not take them EVERY day but every other day , and like I do not know
45,null,null,, it says it builds up and stays in your body .
46,null,null,Well , I am fine .
47,null,null,do not worry
48,null,null,They warned about some side effects , but
49,null,null,I seem to have been okay .
50,null,null,However , the side effects include ALL the things I already suffered from BEFORE even taking the darn medicines ! !
51,null,null,So it is been a complete and utter waste .
52,null,null,This one day , I tried sleeping without medicines , and
53,null,null,I just could not ..
54,null,null,just , can not fall asleep .
55,null,null,So yeah , I had that talk with yet another shrink today , and
56,null,null,now he wants me to see some other person .
57,null,null,And he thinks I SHOULDN'T take sleeping medicines .
58,null,null,So like , ARGH , people keep telling me opposite things , and
59,null,null,now they want me to see this person , who will help me fill in my days and get organized ? ?
60,null,null,That is all cool and well and all , but
61,null,null,I got there myself already .
62,null,null,I figured it all out before I even started seeing these " professionals " and now they are telling me what I already came up with on my own ? ?
63,null,null,It is another 3 week wait .
64,null,null,And I do not know anymore .
65,null,null,I am confused about all this , and .
66,null,null,beginning to think it is been a huge mistake in the first place
67,null,null,And now that it is Spring again , I am feeling sort of happy .
68,null,null,So depression is still here , but
69,null,null,, I do not notice it much .. or do I ?
70,null,null,I am still feeling so alone
71,null,null,and my family still does not get me ..
72,null,null,I just want out , I just want to be away from here , which brings us back to the original problem .
73,null,null,I am so annoyed , and after this , today is just going to be another day that I just do not do anything useful ..
74,null,null,Sure I want to go back to school , but
75,null,null,it takes time ..
76,null,null,I have some time , then again I do not ..
77,null,null,I had so many plans , and ARGH this sleeping problem , which is going to be my main focus now , is just so darn annoying .
78,null,null,I could listen to countless pieces of advice , but
79,null,null,in the end , it is just no good to me ..
80,null,null,Even the stupid sleeping medicines do not work ..
81,null,null,And every time I go see a shrink about one problem , they point me to someone else , and
82,null,null,then another problem bothers me and they send me back but that still did not fix my first problem .
83,null,null,I am like , fine
84,null,null,I will go fix this darn problem myself then .
85,null,null,( I really feel like cursing , but
86,null,null,I will not because it is not proper so I will release some rage when I am done here , but just know that I am really upset and annoyed ) .
87,null,null,After all , it was me who had to fix everything
88,null,null,all my life right ?
89,null,null,So I might as well start now ..
90,null,null,haha
91,null,null,such a laugh , I will procrastinate till the day I die ..
92,null,null,So very tired .
93,null,null,I can not do a thing ..
94,null,null,ugh , I am so sick of it .
95,null,null,I want to go sleep now , but
96,null,null,I just know I will wake up late in the evening and will not be able to sleep tonight .
97,null,null,Such a drag .. too young to be broken already ..
376 12
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Law of Attraction is bullshit .
2,null,null,Also hard work does not pay off .
3,null,null,Everything in life is based on chance and luck only .
4,null,null,Our society preaches the fiction of hard work paying off because we need most expandable people to work hard , so that the rest can just chill and live off their backs .
5,null,null,Also every fucking motivational coach and self - help guide is a fucking scam .
6,null,null,Focusing your goals , ?
7,null,null,working hard and putting effort in to achieve them
8,null,null,Yeah , tell that to people with terminal diseases or people living in poverty without the chance to ever get better , people dying of famine or living in war zones .
9,null,null,Tell that to the legions of people who did not make the cut and never will .
10,null,null,Yeah , tell them they just " did not work hard enough " , " did not want it enough " while you completely ignore how fucking lucky you got to be in the privileged position you are in .
11,null,null,This world makes me fucking sick
12,null,null,and I get sicker every day .
377 44
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I always wanted to go to the therapy but
2,null,null,my very huge and overprotective gossip - loving family made this impossible for me to do Not only that but
3,null,null,even a little hypothetical talk about it would instantly gain unnecessary panic like attention and after several phone calls to friends , family members with something like
4,null,null,* " Hey Clara , he wants to go to the therapist .
5,null,null,Is this normal ?
6,null,null,Which one should we call ?
7,null,null,Do you know anyone ?
8,null,null,Ask John please ! "
9,null,null,*
10,null,null,And next day there will be several people touching my hand and saying " Hey are you fine ? "
11,null,null,Making it feel like something is wrong with me when I just want to talk to a professional in person without feeling like a babe .
12,null,null,How do I know ?
13,null,null,Because my sister was depressed once
14,null,null,and I have seen how everyone reacted to it .
15,null,null,You see , my family is never changing mentality is " we need to fight together !
16,null,null,We are there for you
17,null,null,( goddamn Fairy Tail guild or " .
18,null,null,something )
19,null,null,I do not blame them
20,null,null,and I bet there are people who would exchange everything only to be with someone as supportive .
21,null,null,But I have always hated attention so much since I remember my self as a kid .
22,null,null,Ironically enough I have had the biggest birthday parties in the town to boost this ' weird ' hate .
23,null,null,Doing it secretly will be risky because I actually work in my family
24,null,null,is business as well
25,null,null,so my tight schedule and the fact that my town is pretty small makes this almost impossible .
26,null,null,And if someone finds out I secretly go to talk to a doctor
27,null,null,it will have even worse reaction than just straight out telling them .
28,null,null,Maybe I am overreacting and
29,null,null,have too much pride in me or no balls to admit to my family
30,null,null,but sometimes I wish I could get invisible for just a week to sort my inner problems out .
31,null,null,Sorry
32,null,null,If this feels like I am trying to make it harder for you guys to make some suggestions .
33,null,null,It is way more complicated than that I just wanted to let it out .
34,null,null,I have read some posts here and
35,null,null,some of them were so so dark that my problems actually fade away a bit
36,null,null,and I felt better because I said to my self *
37,null,null," yo .. you are being a bitch right now , look at these people suffering here
38,null,null,, you are not even close !
39,null,null,"
40,null,null,*
41,null,null,( do not know if I am being terrible for healing my little wounds by reading how other people suffer ) .
42,null,null,Anyways , Idk why I have not visited this sub earlier , as I type these last words I already feel better because it is the first time I am doing something like this .
43,null,null,Feels like I have talked to someone .
44,null,null,Thank you !
378 37
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Journal Entry - 12:23AM Monday , December 4th , 2017
2,null,null,Just thought I would share my thoughts from last night .
3,null,null,I occasionally lurk Reddit looking for a relatable story , so I figured I would share some of my own thoughts .
4,null,null,I do not want a job .
5,null,null,The hardest part of having a job is talking .
6,null,null,It is bad enough that I have to make eye contact .
7,null,null,Having to speak on top of that can be nerve wrecking .
8,null,null,Meeting new people is also tough .
9,null,null,It is even tougher when you are the new one .
10,null,null,Who are these people ?
11,null,null,Do I even want to know you ?
12,null,null,Are you going to try and get to know me ?
13,null,null,Am I going to allow it ?
14,null,null,Customers are easier to deal with , but .
15,null,null,just a drag to have to deal with
16,null,null,It can be monotonous .
17,null,null,Often , it is annoying .
18,null,null,But all the while , I just feel drained .
19,null,null,There are good days at work .
20,null,null,But there are also bad days .
21,null,null,And those bad days make the lasting impression , in my experience .
22,null,null,I am thankful for those good days .
23,null,null,But the bad days remind me that I want better for myself .
24,null,null,I am tired of working in restaurants .
25,null,null,I am tired of wearing a stupid hat my hair can barely fit under .
26,null,null,I am tired of repeating phrases I am told to repeat .
27,null,null,I am tired of seeing the disgusting process of how people is shitty food is prepared .
28,null,null,I am tired of cooking , something I enjoy , feeling soulless .
29,null,null,Historically , preparing a meal and feeding someone is a virtuous act , at least to me .
30,null,null,The commoditization of it is a bit of a shame .
31,null,null,I detest consumerism , generally speaking .
32,null,null,Customers are not my favorite people .
33,null,null,Along with restaurants , I hope to avoid customer interaction at my next job .
34,null,null,I really do not want any job .
35,null,null,When it comes to time & amp ; energy vs. money , I am all for the money until I find out what I have to do .
36,null,null,Then my my time & amp ; energy feels more valuable .
37,null,null,Because it is more valuable .
379 28
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,My roommate asked me move .
2,null,null,My car died .
3,null,null,And I put myself in the hospital .
4,null,null,Girlfriend is over it and .
5,null,null,wants me to get my life together
6,null,null,With out without her .
7,null,null,She does not want to be around me .
8,null,null,I am ubering to my job at the moment .
9,null,null,I just basically shut down at the start of sundown .
10,null,null,Shut down and .
11,null,null,drank for 4 or 5 days with the last one with me on the phone with a rope on my neck
12,null,null,I feel absolutely help less .
13,null,null,Do not have money to pay rent .
14,null,null,Do not have enough money to Uber to work .
15,null,null,My next logical step is to move back to my mother .
16,null,null,is
17,null,null,Which is not only depressing .
18,null,null,She is just 40 minutes from everything .
19,null,null,I am not even thinking suicide .
20,null,null,I am just thinking like life pretty much has a depressed shade over it .
21,null,null,Probably from me recovering from withdrawal .
22,null,null,I do not want to move back to my mom .
23,null,null,is
24,null,null,To sit there away from everything I want to do .
25,null,null,And now I got ta start over .
26,null,null,Fuck
27,null,null,this is why I drank .
28,null,null,the panick begins to consume me .
380 22
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I feel like I am lazy
2,null,null,I feel like I am lazy because I have no will , desire , or energy to work .
3,null,null,Sometimes I do not even want to walk ..
4,null,null,and I am tired pretty much always .
5,null,null,It is a work out to even brush my hair .
6,null,null,I am physically fit , young , and given special treatment because I am society .
7,null,null,is fit of attractive
8,null,null,I can not keep a job because I simply can not force my brain to do the work
9,null,null,or I have to miss because I am sick ..
10,null,null,which really is just anxiety
11,null,null,I am sure .
12,null,null,No one understands that I care about how lazy I seem and that it is just that I am so tired and every thing sounds awful other than just sitting some days .
13,null,null,I feel like I am crazy .
14,null,null,It just makes everything worse too .
15,null,null,More financial problems .
16,null,null,More people who do not understand .
17,null,null,Substance abuse to numb .
18,null,null,How do you guys get energy ?
19,null,null,I have started Zoloft and
20,null,null,it is changed my life , really improving my ability to deal and not feel hopeless , but my motivation is still completely zero
21,null,null,and I can not make myself do or care about anything .
22,null,null,Is it just immaturity or is something in my head doing this ?
381 17
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am curious to know how you raise children when you have major depression with bipolar .
2,null,null,I feel extremely guilty that I am having a hard time being a mom .
3,null,null,I have no energy and
4,null,null,I am completely overwhelmed with every little task it takes to raise these kids .
5,null,null,My husband seems to be running out of patience with me ..
6,null,null,and I have really only been battling this recent episode of major depression for 3 months .
7,null,null,Sometimes I feel like we all would be better off with me out of the picture ..
8,null,null,whatever that takes .. because I am sick of the guilt ! !
9,null,null,I also am suffering from 4 herniated discs in my back with sciatica down both legs .
10,null,null,So doing things just suck .
11,null,null,My husband made the comment today that we should sign me up for AARP .. .
12,null,null,at least we could get some good benefits
13,null,null,I am 35 .
14,null,null,Plus these medications make me feel like shit !
15,null,null,I really do not want to have to take care of anyone right now .
16,null,null,God I am selfish ! !
17,null,null,Down in the dumps and full of anxiety ,
382 6
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Just need a hug .
2,null,null,I am a trans gay man and .
3,null,null,face a lot of criticism online
4,null,null,I talk with my friends about it sometimes because it really does bother me on somedays , but because it happens so frequently , I have noticed they do not really care anymore .
5,null,null,I have not talked about it in a long time even though it is still going on because I desperately do not want to bug them but Jesus Christ I am losing it on my own .
6,null,null,Tips ?
383 24
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,All my friends have left me behind My best friends at school
2,null,null,got new computers that can run AA games
3,null,null,and it was my idea .
4,null,null,They soon all got gta
5,null,null,and i m stuck with this laptop .
6,null,null,After this things started going downhill .
7,null,null,i was nt getting added to skype calls , when i asked , they said " gta players only " and
8,null,null,when i slipped in one time i asked "
9,null,null,when are you guys ever going to play with me again
10,null,null," either they did nt say anything or
11,null,null,said " i do nt know "
12,null,null,and then one of my friends said " we will play with you at school " .
13,null,null,I have school tommorow btw .
14,null,null,This has occured 4 days ago and
15,null,null,each day i have gotten more sad .
16,null,null,I have been trying to cope for it by trying to find new friends ( which i did
17,null,null,but they live in other countries so its hard to find playtimes ) and also contacting old friends .
18,null,null,I have asked my friends each day if they wanted to play
19,null,null,and they say idk or maybe .
20,null,null,i do nt want to kill myself
21,null,null,but i do nt want it to come to that .
22,null,null,That s why i m reaching out here .
23,null,null,what should i do ?
24,null,null,i m so scared and confused .
384 5
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Nearly finished high school somehow
2,null,null,And it is weird because I do not have a plan for my future because I never expected to make it to the end of high school .
3,null,null,Why plan for a future you have no intention of experiencing ?
4,null,null,And now I am stressed because it looks like I am going to finish high school and idk
5,null,null,what the fuck to do with myself .
385 29
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I just need to get this off of my chest .
2,null,null,This is my first time posting .
3,null,null,I am not sure if trigger warnings are common place here , but
4,null,null,before you read on I would like to say warn that this mentions suicide .
5,null,null,A family member took their life last week and
6,null,null,I am really , really struggling .
7,null,null,I am absolutely devastated that my children will not be able to grow up with them around .
8,null,null,I am struggling to keep it all together .
9,null,null,I just want to cry all day .
10,null,null,But I do not want my kids to see my crying .
11,null,null,Everyone around me is just carrying on like normal .
12,null,null,I have a history of depression , I am currently in therapy and on medication .
13,null,null,I feel like my family is wrapping me in cotton wool .
14,null,null,When I first found out how it happened , I obsessed over articles that described the process they would have went through while dying .
15,null,null,I kept wondering what they were feeling in that moment .. if during those last moments they had regret .
16,null,null,Then I kept tormenting myself with the what
17,null,null,if ?
18,null,null,I have been able to stop doing those .
19,null,null,But now .. I just want to be a sloth .
20,null,null,I want to sit on the couch and watch TV all day .
21,null,null,All motivation I had prior to last week has just gone .
22,null,null,I have never had anyone this close to me die .
23,null,null,A friend who I had grown apart from committed suicide last year .
24,null,null,I was upset , ..
25,null,null,but I was not this upset .
26,null,null,Let me stress this
27,null,null,- I am definitely not having any suicidal thoughts .
28,null,null,Due to the unexpected costs we have had , I can not afford to see the psychologist , that is why I am posting here .
29,null,null,I am just so devastated .
386 12
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I m about to spend two years of my birthday and the holidays alone .
2,null,null,Again .
3,null,null,I spent the holidays and my birthday in Basic Training , and .
4,null,null,its about to happen again
5,null,null,I stay in the barracks because I have no one to hang out with due to them being on leave .
6,null,null,I can choose to go home , but
7,null,null,it is too expensive and I do not have the funds to do so
8,null,null,, all of my family is back at home .
9,null,null,I do not have any friends to hang out with and finding friends off post
10,null,null,is even harder for me .
11,null,null,I can not drink because I am underage .
12,null,null,This sucks .
387 32
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,She stopped texting back
2,null,null,Hi , i am 19 and .
3,null,null,for as long as I remember I have always struggled with self - confidence and my depression
4,null,null,I rarely use tinder because I do not match with many people , I am below average looking like but
5,null,null,it does not help swiping for ages and rarely getting a match .
6,null,null,I know it is just a glorified hook up app for the most part
7,null,null,but the other night I matched with a really cute girl who was way out of my league and we started talking , one thing leads to another and next thing
8,null,null,I know we are up to after 2 am talking about Pokmon of all things .
9,null,null,I feel like there is a connection there
10,null,null,so i ask her out
11,null,null,and she says yes .
12,null,null,It took alot to do this and
13,null,null,it honestly made my month as the last few have been pretty meh .
14,null,null,We kept talking the next day and
15,null,null,that evening she did not reply to one my texts , I tried to think nothing of it because it was not really a question or anything and tried to restart the conversation but nothing again .
16,null,null,This morning I said Hi and
17,null,null,she replied
18,null,null,Hey back
19,null,null,and then I asked her what she was up to
20,null,null,and she just did not reply again .
21,null,null,I do not blame her if she is not interested
22,null,null,, that is fair enough it happens .
23,null,null,She was sending
24,null,null,x is up until she stopped texting back though
25,null,null,and its not something i thought i was being naive about thinking she was interested in me
26,null,null,but maybe i was wrong .
27,null,null,I kinda just wish i knew where i went wrong .
28,null,null,I just feel so unattractive and
29,null,null,like there is something wrong with me .
30,null,null,I know this probably sounds really petty and unimportant
31,null,null,but it really hurts
32,null,null,and I just needed to vent .
388 10
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Does anyone else feel like life
2,null,null,is maybe too long ?
3,null,null,I do not know what it is , but
4,null,null,just having to face so many days of the same things , even if you switch it up once in a while , it is all so boring and monotonous .
5,null,null,I find it difficult keeping myself entertained .
6,null,null,I feel like I am at a party where I was having fun at first , but
7,null,null,now things are starting to die down
8,null,null,and I just want to go home , aka be dead already .
9,null,null,Just a thought I have been having .
10,null,null,Have a good night .
389 212
 (0, 0),
1,null,null," i had nothing to offer anyone except my own confusion " Omegle chat with stranger about life You are now chatting with a random stranger .
2,null,null,Say hi !
3,null,null,Stranger
4,null,null,: enjoying ?
5,null,null,You : yes funny video
6,null,null,Stranger
7,null,null,: o is all day
8,null,null,You
9,null,null,: how bout you ?
10,null,null,are you coping with life by smoking ?
11,null,null,Stranger :
12,null,null,its vaping lol Stranger : and
13,null,null,nah Stranger : just something to do Stranger : but slightly coping
14,null,null,i guess Stranger
15,null,null,: i had to quit smoking weed for a drug test You :
16,null,null,so why do you think you are a weak person ?
17,null,null,why are you empty inside ?
18,null,null,Stranger :
19,null,null,i do nt Stranger :
20,null,null,and i m not
21,null,null,You : why are not you ?
22,null,null,Stranger :
23,null,null,i m full of nicotine
24,null,null,rn actually Stranger : i have people and things in life Stranger :
25,null,null,do nt feel lonesome
26,null,null,You : if you were suddenly paralyzed and had no value to give in life , would you still have friends ?
27,null,null,Stranger :
28,null,null,yeah
29,null,null,probably You : wow that is good .
30,null,null,i think all mine would leave Stranger :
31,null,null,damn You : therefore , they are not friends
32,null,null,Stranger :
33,null,null,i m sorry
34,null,null,Stranger
35,null,null,: that s true Stranger :
36,null,null,i live with my twin brother Stranger :
37,null,null,so he d have to stay with me
38,null,null,You : hmm ok .
39,null,null,would you rather have many friends or lots of money
40,null,null,Stranger : friends
41,null,null,probably Stranger : money goes away Stranger :
42,null,null,friendship does nt You : friendship does too Stranger :
43,null,null,yeah
44,null,null,but in a more natural setting Stranger : that s just life
45,null,null,tho You
46,null,null,: i guess the only option we have is to meet our doom and continue with life .
47,null,null,the only other possibility is to jump off of the highest building in the world
48,null,null,Stranger :
49,null,null,exactly Stranger : suicide is kinda
50,null,null,pointless Stranger :
51,null,null,life is all we have You :
52,null,null,haha
53,null,null,so why do not you choose the second option ?
54,null,null,Stranger :
55,null,null,i d rather hit rock bottom then have no conciousness
56,null,null,You
57,null,null,: hmm how old are you ?
58,null,null,Stranger :
59,null,null,19
60,null,null,You :
61,null,null,wow u look
62,null,null,30 Stranger :
63,null,null,ik its the beard
64,null,null,You : u bang alot of pussy ?
65,null,null,Stranger : not a lot at once Stranger :
66,null,null,but i ve had my fair share Stranger : and
67,null,null,a kinky bitch
68,null,null,rn You : nice , u trust people ?
69,null,null,Stranger : to an extent
70,null,null,Stranger : i always have a backup plan as to not rely on them for happiness
71,null,null,Stranger : if you always have yourself , and you re okay with that , then you will be okay
72,null,null,You
73,null,null,: how are you okay with that ?
74,null,null,Stranger :
75,null,null,well longterm you can always just meet more people
76,null,null,Stranger : short term you need to be okay with being alone Stranger : because you ll have to eventually You : what if you had no arms or legs ?
77,null,null,what would u do ?
78,null,null,Stranger :
79,null,null,i d have to probably have a caretaker Stranger : but
80,null,null,that s situational Stranger : and if i do end up like that
81,null,null,i m not sure how i d be alive after You
82,null,null,: let is say you are fine somehow , but
83,null,null,u live in poverty and have no friends or family
84,null,null,You : now do u still live ?
85,null,null,Stranger :
86,null,null,i mean that s more of a situation where suicide is more reasonable Stranger
87,null,null,: idk
88,null,null,how ud do it tho Stranger
89,null,null,: i d dprobably just go into a homeless shelter or something Stranger : by rolling ?
90,null,null,You :
91,null,null,haha Stranger :
92,null,null,hopping ?
93,null,null,Stranger :
94,null,null,not sure You : ok , but .
95,null,null,would not u be extremely depressed and miserabl all the time
96,null,null,how could u find joy in such an existence ?
97,null,null,Stranger :
98,null,null,hmm Stranger :
99,null,null,you d probably learn to cope Stranger :
100,null,null,either that or i d attempt to get pain meds Stranger :
101,null,null,and mauybe od
102,null,null,eventually You :
103,null,null,no but how , like all u can do is sit around .
104,null,null,maybe watch tv or .
105,null,null,go outside and watch birds fly and shit on your head
106,null,null,Stranger :
107,null,null,yeah
108,null,null,i guess just be okay with your existence how it is Stranger :
109,null,null,but suicide is still more likely honestly Stranger :
110,null,null,i m
111,null,null,okay with m life
112,null,null,because i have all extremities lmao Stranger
113,null,null,: you caught me You : haha .
114,null,null,idk how to be happy fuckin
115,null,null,hell Stranger :
116,null,null,like now ?
117,null,null,Stranger : are u depressed You : yes and lonely and insecure Stranger :
118,null,null,hmm Stranger :
119,null,null,where do u live Stranger :
120,null,null,couintrywise Stranger : country
121,null,null,*
122,null,null,You : usa Stranger :
123,null,null,oh nice Stranger :
124,null,null,how old ?
125,null,null,You : 21 Stranger
126,null,null,: do u do drugs
127,null,null,You :
128,null,null,not anymore Stranger : did u have a problem ?
129,null,null,You :
130,null,null,no just was not for me Stranger :
131,null,null,gotcha
132,null,null,lol Stranger : do you workout ?
133,null,null,You :
134,null,null,yes Stranger :
135,null,null,hmm
136,null,null,You : i do almost all the things your " supposed " to do to cure depression and loneliness .
137,null,null,but i can not get it out of my mind
138,null,null,and i am not sure what to do anymore
139,null,null,Stranger :
140,null,null,hmm Stranger :
141,null,null,well Stranger : do you try new things ?
142,null,null,Stranger :
143,null,null,like random ass things
144,null,null,You :
145,null,null,yeah ,
146,null,null,so i get temporarily happy for sure .
147,null,null,but long term it just fades away
148,null,null,and i m back to being
149,null,null,miserable Stranger : maybe its just a loop of thoughts ?
150,null,null,Stranger : like anxious / depressed thoughts Stranger : also do you live alone ?
151,null,null,You :
152,null,null,yeah
153,null,null,You :
154,null,null,no with my roomates currently Stranger : that could be some of the lonliness Stranger :
155,null,null,oh okay Stranger :
156,null,null,idk
157,null,null,i kinda view life as a thing which you might as well
158,null,null,have Stranger : even if things are shitty Stranger : because once you leave you ca nt just come back Stranger :
159,null,null,so you kight
160,null,null,as well experience evrything you can experience Stranger : even if it sucks Stranger : cuz
161,null,null,some things do nt Stranger : and hmm ok .
162,null,null,those are worth living for You :
163,null,null,i guess accepting how life is has been the difficult part Stranger : very understandable Stranger :
164,null,null,humans created a system of working and living on less of a survival mode , which has created so much boredom
165,null,null,Stranger :
166,null,null,like living is nt that hard , so
167,null,null,what do we do now ?
168,null,null,Stranger :
169,null,null,but that allows us to do many things other animals ca nt , but .
170,null,null,its still kind of dreary You : yes indeed
171,null,null,that is very true
172,null,null,You : it is hard to know what to do Stranger : it really is Stranger : too many options
173,null,null,Stranger : have you taken acid / shrooms before ?
174,null,null,Stranger :
175,null,null,brb
176,null,null,You :
177,null,null,yeah Stranger :
178,null,null,true lol
179,null,null,Stranger :
180,null,null,acid kinda showed me how crazy all these manmade systems and schedules we all live for are Stranger :
181,null,null,like there s no reason we have to work in the morning / day and sleep at night , besides circaidan rythem of course , yet
182,null,null,we all do Stranger :
183,null,null,but yeah idk
184,null,null,i promise you ll feel less depressed as time goes on You : maybe .
185,null,null,i m concerned i will lose touch with society .
186,null,null,You :
187,null,null,i can easily see myself living on the street
188,null,null,haha You
189,null,null,: idk how to stay engaged Stranger :
190,null,null,living on the street because of not having money , or another reason ?
191,null,null,Stranger :
192,null,null,and you do nt have to stay engaged with society a lot
193,null,null,, it will always be there You : just not giving enough of a shit to keep going Stranger :
194,null,null,just having whatever social circle you re comfortable with is enough usually Stranger :
195,null,null,true You : also brb Stranger :
196,null,null,gotcha You :
197,null,null,so yeah
198,null,null,what is your last piece of advice /
199,null,null,Last words ?
200,null,null,Stranger :
201,null,null,i d say just keep going , if things seem bad now just realize how many times you ve reached a breaking point in your life , for whatever reason , and that you re still here lol Stranger : also , just keep trying new things , and doing whatever , because what does it matter anyways ?
202,null,null,Stranger :
203,null,null,and if you seriously feel depressed , consider going to a doctor / therapist , as there could be less serotonin in your brain that the average person Stranger : is that helpful at all
204,null,null,lol
205,null,null,You
206,null,null,: yes , it is nice to hear someone else who has thought about these things .
207,null,null,and who can give an honest opinion
208,null,null,Stranger
209,null,null,: i believe in u man Stranger :
210,null,null,u still there ?
211,null,null,You : ya
212,null,null,Stranger has disconnected .
390 7
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Have you ever realized you have no goals ?
2,null,null,Ever since i was a kid i had no goals .
3,null,null,There were things i wanted
4,null,null,but i did nt want them
5,null,null,so bad i deal with the consequences of what it costs to obtain or experience it .
6,null,null,It feels like i
7,null,null,m protecting my " little slice nothing " .
391 18
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,My mom asked me:"What held you back
2,null,null," Today I went down to the city , I walked around for a while I went down to the river and .
3,null,null,stood there for a while than I went up to the bridge and stared down
4,null,null,I ran away from home .
5,null,null,I did not have my phone .
6,null,null,My parents did not know where I was .
7,null,null,We had an argument for at least 8 hours
8,null,null,and I just had enough .
9,null,null,I had depression since I was 9(I
10,null,null,am
11,null,null,15).My mom always said I was just imagining it .
12,null,null,When I got home they started yelling at me(rightfully
13,null,null,so , I was away for 2 hours they were about to call the police , but
14,null,null,I had to be alone for
15,null,null,a while).An hour ago my mother asked me why did not I just jump off if I have a " missarable " life .
16,null,null,All I could think of were these two things:1.I should have done
17,null,null,IT 2.I was right about her
18,null,null,Any comments ?
392 49
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am a daca recipient and
2,null,null,I fucking hate it .
3,null,null,I was born in Mexico and .
4,null,null,brought to the US when I was 3
5,null,null,This of course means I am one of those " nasty illegals " everyone seems to hate .
6,null,null,My goal has always been success .
7,null,null,Ever since I was a kid I daydreamed of owning a mansion with fancy gates , a huge lawn , a big pool .
8,null,null,This was always my goal .
9,null,null,I was not going to accept living in poverty like my parents or having an " average " life .
10,null,null,So I worked hard for it .
11,null,null,I was always top of my class
12,null,null,, I was on the dean is honor list in college
13,null,null,, I started ( and
14,null,null,failed )
15,null,null,my first few businesses , joined clubs , went to a lot of events to meet people , and .
16,null,null,landed an internship
17,null,null,I was even in the middle of starting my next business .
18,null,null,I also got my credit score up to almost 800 and .
19,null,null,started funding my retirement / investment account
20,null,null,Because my whole life has been focused on success , I attempted suicide a few times when I found out I was illegal and could not even go to college in high school .
21,null,null,Obviously they all failed .
22,null,null,However in 2012 , the year before I graduated , Obama passed daca .
23,null,null,Because I had been here since I was a toddler , was going to finish school , and did not have even a single misdemeanor , I was able to get a social security number , a work permit , a driver is license , open investment accounts , and .
24,null,null,received protection from deportation
25,null,null,Now Trump has ended it .
26,null,null,The final decision will be made in early August , but
27,null,null,it is most likely going to be rescinded .
28,null,null,What am I supposed to do then ?
29,null,null,Just fucking accept losing everything ?
30,null,null,Everything I worked towards will have been for nothing .
31,null,null,Even if daca continues , am I supposed to just keep living in fear of it ending again forever ?
32,null,null,I am losing all my fucking hair stressing over this .
33,null,null,I have had a cold for months that has not gone away , and
34,null,null,everything hurts .
35,null,null,I can not even talk to anyone about this .
36,null,null,Everyone just tells me to man up and work some shitty job picking fruit in the fields .
37,null,null,No one understands that I actually have goals in life .
38,null,null,I refuse to accept a life where I work 60 hours a week , breaking down my body , for $ 30k a year with no room for advancement and living in fear every day .
39,null,null,I have never been fond of life in the first place .
40,null,null,The only thing that ever gave me happiness was growing my net worth , and
41,null,null,pretty soon I will not even be able to do that .
42,null,null,Why should not I end it all at that point ?
43,null,null,That is it .
44,null,null,I needed to rant .
45,null,null,I am sorry if I sound like a spoiled brat .
46,null,null,TLR :
47,null,null,I rely on daca to have an even somewhat decent life .
48,null,null,It is being taken away .
49,null,null,I am losing everything .
393 26
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Is it obvious when you have depression ?
2,null,null,I wonder if I have some form of mild depression or I just have low self esteem .
3,null,null,I became a mute quite a few years ago after acouple of events that got me down .
4,null,null,I think it may have been catatonia .
5,null,null,But I am not 100 % .
6,null,null,Ever since then I do not feel like I got back to my normal self .
7,null,null,I am a lot shyer
8,null,null,and I do not have much luck socially or romantically or in my career .
9,null,null,The best way to put it would be I lost my personality .
10,null,null,I can really beat myself up sometimes because I hate myself .
11,null,null,When something bad happens I really start self loathing quite badly .
12,null,null,I do not feel suicidal .
13,null,null,I hate myself more than I hate my life .
14,null,null,I blame my lack of success on myself .
15,null,null,I do not enjoy things as much as I used to
16,null,null,so I have no real hobbies .
17,null,null,I do not think I am likable
18,null,null,and I can not even pass interviews these days .
19,null,null,I lost my personality and
20,null,null,that is why I hate myself .
21,null,null,I am unrecognisable to who I used to be
22,null,null,so I isolate myself a lot more these days .
23,null,null,I do not think significantly depressed
24,null,null,but I wonder if mild depression is the cause of my loss of personality ?
25,null,null,Or could it be something else that caused me to change ?
26,null,null,All I know is I have lost a lot of confidence and I am always beating myself up about it
394 26
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I would like to say hello to everyone , I have bipolar and .
2,null,null,was doing a bit of research into my illness , which I have not done before as I have always denied having the illness
3,null,null,I do have funny story to tell .
4,null,null,A few years ago now I lost the plot and .
5,null,null,lost my home wife and children as a result
6,null,null,Not that funny but
7,null,null,at the time I did not know I had bipolar .
8,null,null,New life spending loads of money racing up the career ladder ( on a High )
9,null,null,I meet this fantastic girl .
10,null,null,We went on holidays together had some great times .
11,null,null,After a year or two I moved in with .
12,null,null,this girl gave up my good job and planned a future for us both marriage extra
13,null,null,There was one thing holding us back we both hard bipolar and .
14,null,null,never told each other about or illness as we thought this could change everything
15,null,null,As you can imagine if she when on a high
16,null,null,I went on a low , and
17,null,null,when I went on a high starting companies and buying things I could not afford she would go on a low .
18,null,null,Our relationship did not last for much longer as she would self harm
19,null,null,and I would attempt suicide .
20,null,null,It was not until I went into hospital that it all came out in the open .
21,null,null,We are still friends but
22,null,null,both agree that two bipolar people do not match .
23,null,null,My doctor did smile and .
24,null,null,we did laugh about it
25,null,null,Anyway I am new and .
26,null,null,just want to say hi to everyone
395 76
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am so very angry .
2,null,null,It is eating me up .
3,null,null,I am sick of it .
4,null,null,It is not healthy .
5,null,null,It costs me a lot .
6,null,null,Yet even this makes me angry !
7,null,null,rrARGG !
8,null,null,I feel like the female version of the Hulk .
9,null,null,Do you know how it feels to go through the cycles of feeling nuts / alone to gaining a semblance of normalcy ?
10,null,null,Well , that makes me angry .
11,null,null,I get angry when I start to get happy .
12,null,null,I get angry when I start to feel sad .
13,null,null,I get angry when someone shows me love .
14,null,null,I get angry when things go well .
15,null,null,I get angry when things do not go well .
16,null,null,I get angry
17,null,null,, I get angry , I get angry .
18,null,null,This weekend I had this clear clear vision .
19,null,null,I was immediately present for the first time in a long time .
20,null,null,I felt , I breathed , I listened , I laughed .
21,null,null,I saw .
22,null,null,And I got very very angry .
23,null,null,I do not belong where I am .
24,null,null,I do not belong .
25,null,null,I screwed up
26,null,null,, I fell asleep , I got depressed ; and !
27,null,null,now Look at all that has changed
28,null,null,Nothing is the same ; and
29,null,null,I feel like I have traveled through a million miles of time in one short weekend .
30,null,null,This is all too much .
31,null,null,Who the hell am I ?
32,null,null,How did I get here ?
33,null,null,What am I going to do now ?
34,null,null,Shit ! !
35,null,null,All this time I believed I could do it alone .
36,null,null,All this time I tried to be strong .
37,null,null,All this time I tried to put others before myself ; .
38,null,null,no matter what the cost
39,null,null,Now I am alone .
40,null,null,I am like a ghost of myself .
41,null,null,When I speak , what comes out is all wrong .
42,null,null,I am nothing like I used to be .
43,null,null,I am scared
44,null,null,, I am torn , and I am alone .
45,null,null,My old friend looks to me :
46,null,null,you are so great .
47,null,null,You are here for me
48,null,null,and you are strong .
49,null,null,Blah blah blah ..
50,null,null,in reality we are just too lost souls traveling the highways alone .
51,null,null,If I see you , I see you .
52,null,null,But you are not going be there for my funeral .
53,null,null,You will probably not even know when and where it is .
54,null,null,You will sleep through it and .
55,null,null,read about in the newspaper or some shit
56,null,null,You will cry to the person next to you , and
57,null,null,that will be that .
58,null,null,Family looks at me and .
59,null,null,says " oh we love you so much
60,null,null,You are so strong and what ?
61,null,null,Are you going through creative or man pains again ?
62,null,null," Gee , I love you too .
63,null,null,But you are not the answer .
64,null,null,WE are just traveling the highways alone .
65,null,null,You keep looking for the answer .
66,null,null,I know there are not no answer .
67,null,null,We are alone : wine song and comforting arms and all .
68,null,null,I am angry because I know this journey is mine
69,null,null,and I am not doing so hot .
70,null,null,I get disorientated , I get distracted , I screw up .
71,null,null,And you know what ? !
72,null,null,That is ok .
73,null,null,thanks ; I needed a good angry rant
74,null,null,Maybe there is someone out there who does not find this completely insane .
75,null,null,If I do not speak it , it will stay inside and .
76,null,null,explode in some other form
396 7
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Even if you hate them , there s something gut wrenching about hearing parents fight .
2,null,null,I hate both of my parents .
3,null,null,They are mentally abusive to me , and .
4,null,null,just a lack of care most of my life
5,null,null,Even so , listening to them fight right now makes me really uncomfortable .
6,null,null,You would think my hate would just make me careless about it
7,null,null,but its just not
397 10
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,if you are lonely .. F/17
2,null,null,/ AUS
3,null,null,I am very active online and , so
4,null,null,have insomnia
5,null,null,timezones probably are not an issue .
6,null,null,I am very loyal and caring , with lots of love to give , especially to those who can show that they want it
7,null,null,I have depression too
8,null,null,, I am very miserable and lonely , occasionally suicidal .
9,null,null,Yet I am optimistic at heart , ..
10,null,null,so feel free to PM me if you think a chat with me is what you need to feel a little better
398 20
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Help me I want to be successful
2,null,null,but i never have the will to be productive .
3,null,null,I blame myself for that .
4,null,null,As i should .
5,null,null,My issues are that My mom is constantly calling me a disappointment and compares me to my sister .
6,null,null,I m a let down .
7,null,null,I just want to make my mom proud of me .
8,null,null,I work 1 job
9,null,null,and i go to college full time .
10,null,null,My gpa is fucked
11,null,null,I feel stuck .
12,null,null,I wish i had someone as an anchor to support me
13,null,null,but i do nt have people i feel comfortable telling things to .
14,null,null,Wish i had a gf .
15,null,null,Everyone rejects me = , = I feel alone .
16,null,null,And worthless .
17,null,null,I m not successful
18,null,null,and i m
19,null,null,worried ill never be .
20,null,null,I do nt know how to solve any of this .
399 16
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am 30 years old and
2,null,null,I have been living with depression as long as I can remember
3,null,null,( I think it started when I was 10 ) .
4,null,null,However I was diagnosed with major depression only 2 years ago .
5,null,null,Since then I have experienced recurrent episodes of depression .
6,null,null,I thought that knowing what was my problem , accepting it , taking medication , seeing a therapist , working on cognitive therapy , would make my life better .
7,null,null,Unfortunately , I still have those major episodes of depression where I am hopeless and sad , and
8,null,null,the only solution available to stop the pain seems to kill myself .
9,null,null,No fun in there .
10,null,null,I know that depression is part of who I am , I know it is part of my life
11,null,null,and I accept it .
12,null,null,What I can not accept is the fact that it is not going to be easier .
13,null,null,I need hope .
14,null,null,I need to hear from people who have had recurring depression ( not just on episode ) and .
15,null,null,have been able to deal with it and are able to enjoy life
16,null,null,Please tell me it is possible .
400 33
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,this is my first post .
2,null,null,, so bare with me
3,null,null,I have been married a year and .
4,null,null,just found out some interesting news about my husband
5,null,null,He told me that the man he calls dad is not really his father .
6,null,null,He told me that his mother never told him until he was 13 years old , and had to go to court to change his name .
7,null,null,I always wondered why , he and his father never got along .
8,null,null,His mother will not tell him who his real father is .
9,null,null,I feel I need to help him find him , so he can close the door , and .
10,null,null,get answers to all his questions
11,null,null,My husband does not like to talk about feelings , he was raised in a family where no one talked about feelings and if you had a problem you kept it to yourself .
12,null,null,I was raised totally opposite .
13,null,null,In ways this has left him hurt and confused .
14,null,null,He feels like he does not belong sometimes .
15,null,null,He told me sometimes he would like to know who his dad is and
16,null,null,other times he could care less .
17,null,null,But , it seems like it is always on his mind , when family issues come about .
18,null,null,The man that raised him , is an issue all to his own , he is very abusive , physically , and mentally .
19,null,null,He is always telling my husband , he is wrong and .
20,null,null,will never be able to be successful
21,null,null,He has heard that all his life , but
22,null,null,he has never believed it
23,null,null,- he is strong and has a good heart
24,null,null,- It just hurts me when I see him lash out .
25,null,null,He takes all his problems out on me , I now understand why .
26,null,null,I have not told him , but
27,null,null,I found out who his father is .
28,null,null,All I have is a name .
29,null,null,I want to tell him but do not know if I should .
30,null,null,I do not want his mother not to talk to him if he knows - I am very confused - I am right in the middle and .
31,null,null,do not want anyone to get hurt
32,null,null,Looking for advice - or .
33,null,null,someone that can relate to this
401 86
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I have already posted on this forum
2,null,null,but I never really introduced myself .
3,null,null,So here goes :
4,null,null,My name is Amy , and
5,null,null,I am 24 years old .
6,null,null,I have two beautiful daughters , ages 5 and 3 .
7,null,null,I am also raising my little brother , who is 1 .
8,null,null,I have suffered from anxiety attacks since I was 16 and became seriously depressed about 2 years ago .
9,null,null,I was hospitalized once .. when the doctor put me on Zoloft .
10,null,null,Since then I have tried Effexor XR and Klonopin ( worked for 8 months ) and am supposed to be trying Wellbutrin and Buspar now ( scared to start them ) .
11,null,null,I self - harm when things get too hard for me , and .
12,null,null,have scars covering much of my left arm due to cutting
13,null,null,I was recently dismissed from my therapy / psychiatrist due to missed appointments ..
14,null,null,and I do not know if I am going to find another one yet .
15,null,null,I think about just letting go sometimes .
16,null,null,Nothing really helps anyways .
17,null,null,The one thing that depresses me the most is my fear of spending the rest of my life alone .
18,null,null,Men seem to think I am only good for one thing ..
19,null,null,and I guess I agree .
20,null,null,I hate that I go from being okay ..
21,null,null,sometimes for weeks at a time ..
22,null,null,and then everything falls apart .
23,null,null,My family supports me .. sometimes .
24,null,null,At least , my mom lets me crash at her house when things are real bad .
25,null,null,My mom and my sister try to be there .. but
26,null,null,they get tired of me .
27,null,null,I can not say I had a bad childhood ..
28,null,null,I can not remember my childhood .
29,null,null,I went under hypnosis .. .
30,null,null,had a vision of my dad and became extremely afraid
31,null,null,I never had a chance to go back and find out why .
32,null,null,Missed too many appointments .
33,null,null,My dad was accused of being abusive ( to my mother ) and
34,null,null,having a violent temper ..
35,null,null,and of molesting my sister and I. Do not remember .
36,null,null,My dad says my mom left us for two years when I was 2 or 3 years old and was always drunk .
37,null,null,Do not remember .
38,null,null,I spent much of my teen years drunk / high and being promiscuous ..
39,null,null,let is just say even my mother knew I had a reputation .
40,null,null,Why ?
41,null,null,Do not know .
42,null,null,I have never felt like I belonged .. and .
43,null,null,the past few years I have felt like I have not really been living
44,null,null,Disassociation , I suppose .
45,null,null,I am usually moody , .
46,null,null,never have any energy , and have started and quit school 3 times to date
47,null,null,Never accomplished anything but getting my GED .. and
48,null,null,the sad thing is ..
49,null,null,I am smart .
50,null,null,I live day to day ..
51,null,null,never knowing if it will be a good day or a bad day .
52,null,null,My daughter had missed a lot of school because I can not seem to get her there by 12 in the afternoon .
53,null,null,My mom says she will help ..
54,null,null,but I know I am on my own .
55,null,null,Neither of my daughters ' father is are any help .
56,null,null,My dad left my little brother with me in November , .
57,null,null,sends down some money every month .. and has not seen him since
58,null,null,Some days I feel like I am on top of things ..
59,null,null,most days I feel like things are on top of me .. and .
60,null,null,smothering me
61,null,null,I have started writing my daughters a letter letting them know everything I want them to know when they are older ..
62,null,null,just in case I am not around .
63,null,null,I can not say for sure this will not beat me one day , and
64,null,null,I want to be prepared .
65,null,null,I love my kids .. but .
66,null,null,also believe with all my heart they would be better off without me
67,null,null,Sure .. they love me
68,null,null,and I am their mommy ..
69,null,null,but not all mommies are good mommies and
70,null,null,not all mommies deserve to raise children .
71,null,null,Love is not always enough .. because God ( is he even real ? )
72,null,null,knows I would die / kill for my girls .
73,null,null,I know the answers to nothing and .
74,null,null,have so many questions
75,null,null,This is my life ..
76,null,null,Scared to be alone ..
77,null,null,but I always am .
78,null,null,I read this somewhere
79,null,null,and it sums up how I feel : I am not hungry ..
80,null,null,but I am starving .
81,null,null,I am not tired ..
82,null,null,but I am exhausted .
83,null,null,I am not bleeding ..
84,null,null,but I am dying .
85,null,null,So hi to everyone who is fighting the same fight ..
86,null,null,I just need to know that I am not alone .
402 33
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Are my struggles even legitimate ?
2,null,null,[ rant ]
3,null,null,I have been wondering that for a long wile , after a friend told me that there life had been worse
4,null,null,so I had no right to be the way I am .
5,null,null,And yes I have had a better life then a lot but ?
6,null,null,dose that lessen my experience and hardships
7,null,null,Yes I have a supportive family
8,null,null,and yes I have friends that are willing to listen to my bullshit , but , so
9,null,null,dose that really lessen my inner turmoil and trouble with my mind
10,null,null,I have to be fucking stabbed by my own brother to make it legit ?
11,null,null,Yes
12,null,null,I know nobody liked school , but ?
13,null,null,did they all make themselves believe it was school or nothing , and when they ended up at a dead and was convinced that there life was over !
14,null,null,Did all kids struggle with basics in school ? !
15,null,null,Did every kid end up feeling alone
16,null,null,no Mather
17,null,null,what he or she did there entire life ? !
18,null,null,Did they have to feel so alone and unconnected ? !
19,null,null,I know full well that anyone else wold have done a better job in life
20,null,null,then me
21,null,null,, I know I am wasted potential and probably will never live up to the standers my brother set before me , do not you think I know that ? !
22,null,null,Do not you think at eats at me almost every waking moment of my existence ? !
23,null,null,Am I really that defective that I am just not good enough ? !
24,null,null,Just because things are moving forward and good for now does not make my feelings and inner turmoil go away !
25,null,null,Do you think I wanted
26,null,null,/ want to be this sad excuse of a human being ? !
27,null,null,I can not say anything to anyone , I have learnt that I not only feel alone
28,null,null,but I am alone , people just end up getting tired of my shit anyway , so
29,null,null,I guess I will have to go back to bottling everything inside again
30,null,null,, maybe when the glass brakes and I cave i will be free
31,null,null,, maybe I will find my freedom in death ..
32,null,null,idk
33,null,null,anymore I just do not know .. sorry for the long rant and thanks for reading if you did ..
403 20
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I was first officially diagnosed as depressed when I was twelve , and following the death of my younger sister .
2,null,null,had been depressed for two or three years before that ,
3,null,null,It took six years before I found an effective medication .
4,null,null,During the time I was depressed , I was completely antisocial , .
5,null,null,had no friends , and was completely oblivious to the outside world
6,null,null,Now I am eighteen , and
7,null,null,I feel like I have missed a decade of social development .
8,null,null,I have no friends , and .
9,null,null,no idea how to make any
10,null,null,It is all well and good to say just be friendly , but
11,null,null,I do not know what that means !
12,null,null,I can not make small talk , because I have no understanding of fashion , boys , make up , any of the things
13,null,null,girls
14,null,null,my age are meant to talk about , if that is what they are meant to talk about .
15,null,null,Most of the things I know about other people my age I get from books and television , and
16,null,null,I have no idea how accurate they are .
17,null,null,Please , I really need help .
18,null,null,I have just started attending a ' normal ' school ( as opposed to a hospital school ) for the first time since 8th grade , and .
19,null,null,I would like to have friends
20,null,null,, I just do not know how to go about it
404 7
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I let out a belly laugh when I thought about the future .
2,null,null,I could not plan the next 3 months , then realized how much of a depressed piece of shit I am that I laughed at myself for thinking I deserve a future .
3,null,null,I am so pathetic .
4,null,null,Half of me finds it genuinely funny that A. I deserve a future .
5,null,null,B. I will not kill myself in the next 3 months .
6,null,null,The other half can not stop wondering how deep of a depression I am in and if I will ever get out .
7,null,null,Three cheers for chemical imbalances !
405 17
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,' Hi I am Frankey
2,null,null,I am 35 years old married with two girls after two long years of postnatal depression
3,null,null,i was finally diagnosed as bipolar d have been for 7 years
4,null,null,iv been well
5,null,null,for 4 years(not been admitted to hospital in this time ) though have the odd episode now
6,null,null,and then nothing too bad .
7,null,null,I am on lithium antidepressants and zopliclone but
8,null,null,generally i do keep
9,null,null,well i know all the triggers ect and .
10,null,null,manage my illness quite well
11,null,null,I have two wee girls age 9 and 10
12,null,null,I am now desperate for another baby and .
13,null,null,am looking for anyone out their who can help has anyone gone through a pregnancy whilst on lithium and would love to know how you coped and how you worked your medicines if you had any problems and how was the baby
14,null,null,I am absolutely desperate for another baby and
15,null,null,have been for the past 2 - 3 years but am not so keen on giving up my lithium that scares me a bit
16,null,null,please can you help .
17,null,null,Thanks frankey xx
406 10
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Can somone help me find a documentary on mental illness ?
2,null,null,I saw this older documentary about this baseball player who had a mental breakdown awhile back .
3,null,null,He was not famous .
4,null,null,It was on youtube .
5,null,null,Does this sound familiar ?
6,null,null,He had a beard and
7,null,null,so did his dad .
8,null,null,He lived in a mental hospital .
9,null,null,It was like from the 80s
10,null,null,I am pretty sure .
407 12
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am so fucking pathetic I am a retarded child in the body of an adult .
2,null,null,I will never fucking get anywhere in my miserable and worthless life .
3,null,null,I am so fucking retarded .
4,null,null,I deserve to fucking die .
5,null,null,Painfully .
6,null,null,Why am I such a fucking mess ?
7,null,null,Why can not I just be fucking normal ?
8,null,null,I am so ashamed .
9,null,null,I hope a drunk driver just fucking demolishes me when I drive to work tomorrow .
10,null,null,I can not do this anymore .
11,null,null,I am sorry to everyone I hurt .
12,null,null,Hopefully I get my well deserved punishment eventually .
408 56
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,For the first time in my life i liked this girl and
2,null,null,when she left life around me does not make sense .
3,null,null,Why does this pain happen to people
4,null,null,This is my first time and
5,null,null,please i need some answers on what to do
6,null,null,, why does life work this way , i fucking hate that things had to go wrong this fucking way .
7,null,null,My depression is taking over me and
8,null,null,my family is worried about me .
9,null,null,For the first time in high school i liked this girl for about 7 months and
10,null,null,during that time we became best friends
11,null,null,and i always thought she would like me if i cared for her and treated her right .
12,null,null,i always acted the same way as her and .
13,null,null,found out we thought the same sometimes
14,null,null,We always talked to each other including late night till 2 or 3 am and
15,null,null,we knew everything about each other
16,null,null,and we always were with each other but
17,null,null,instead she liked some asshole who did not like me and always kept lying about me to her .
18,null,null,She never believed what he said about me but and
19,null,null,chose to love him and be with him more
20,null,null,they always were with each other after class and it made me jealous and angry on why she would do this .
21,null,null,One day i invited her to some place with her and my friends
22,null,null,but she decided to also want to take the asshole
23,null,null,and i got frustrated and ended our friendship .
24,null,null,she got angry at me and .
25,null,null,decided to leave too
26,null,null,but one day the asshole decided to leave her because of a fight they had and
27,null,null,she starts crying to me on the phone
28,null,null,and i try to help her get over him
29,null,null,but it hurts me when she says she loves this person who kept lying to her about me and other things and he was known to be a bad person
30,null,null,and she only dated one guy before
31,null,null,but he was super nice
32,null,null,and i did not understand why she liked him
33,null,null,and she said she did not either
34,null,null,, it was only that she felt happy around him .
35,null,null,She is such a pretty girl and most of the guys in the school agree and thought me and her were dating
36,null,null,but they never knew she really liked this asshole and during the time they hanged out
37,null,null,she kept asking me if they were right for each other
38,null,null,and she said she would separate from him
39,null,null,but she did not listen to me .
40,null,null,Instead they got closer and
41,null,null,me and this asshole got into more fights with each other
42,null,null,but she would rather not say anything and .
43,null,null,still be with him
44,null,null,Now she is actually separating from him after all this time .
45,null,null,Why did she do this to me after everything we have been through because i treated her way better
46,null,null,but she did this to me
47,null,null,and i do nt know
48,null,null,should i go back to her after what she did .
49,null,null,Its been 2 weeks
50,null,null,and i have not talked to her since then
51,null,null,and my mind has been thinking of ways to beat myself up because of this problem .
52,null,null,Everyone knows i m depressed but
53,null,null,at this point i could not care and
54,null,null,i m
55,null,null,losing my mind
56,null,null,and i just need some answers of why she liked this asshole but not me .
409 61
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,If people treated broken arms like they treated depression .. Person : " He dude ,
2,null,null,your arm is broken in half .
3,null,null,You should probably call for help " .
4,null,null,Me : " I have tried calling for help
5,null,null,, it does not work " .
6,null,null,Person : "
7,null,null,Really ?
8,null,null,Who did you call ?
9,null,null," Me : "
10,null,null,I wrote a post on reddit and .
11,null,null,saw my school consellor once "
12,null,null,Person : "
13,null,null,Dude WHAT ? ?
14,null,null,That is not how you fix a broken arm .
15,null,null,Call the hospital , they are professionals and
16,null,null,they use professional treatment that fixes this shit !
17,null,null,"
18,null,null,Me : "
19,null,null,It does not work the same for everyone you IDIOT !
20,null,null," Person : "
21,null,null,Yes it does !
22,null,null,They deal with thousands of types of breaks , hairline fractures , ligament damage and all sorts EVERY single day !
23,null,null,There s an an entire field of medicine dedicated to treating broken arms and
24,null,null,it is all PROVEN , time and time again , to work !
25,null,null,You need to see someone who knows how to fix your arm !
26,null,null,Or at least , stop the bleeding right now !
27,null,null,Me : "
28,null,null,You do not understand what it is like to have a broken arm .
29,null,null,You have never had one before .
30,null,null," Person : " Yes , actually , I have had a broken arm before .
31,null,null,I went to the hospital and
32,null,null,they fixed it after surgery and months of rehab " .
33,null,null,Me : "
34,null,null,Well obviously your broken arm was not a REAL broken arm .
35,null,null,Mine is worse .
36,null,null,You do not know what it is like to have a REAL broken arm " .
37,null,null,Person : "
38,null,null,I had three compound fractures and internal bleeding .
39,null,null,They said it was the worst they have ever seen .
40,null,null,But they fixed it , and
41,null,null,the rehab I have been doing has brought it back to 100 % functionality " .
42,null,null,Me : "
43,null,null,You are wrong .
44,null,null,This is UNFIXABLE .
45,null,null," Person : " Sigh .
46,null,null,Straight up denial ?
47,null,null,Really ?
48,null,null,Well what do you plan to do about it ?
49,null,null," Me : " I am going to sleep all day and keep coming to reddit and message other people with un - treated broken arms ! "
50,null,null,Person : "
51,null,null,You realise each day you do that , your arm will get worse " .
52,null,null,Me : "
53,null,null,Fuck you .
54,null,null,I will have this broken arm FOREVER ! "
55,null,null,- This is an insight into my mind from many years ago when I was dealing with depression .
56,null,null,I can confidently say that it is fixable guys .
57,null,null,Please do not listen to people who say it is completely unfixable .
58,null,null,You can beat it , I promise !
59,null,null,I love you guys .
60,null,null,Good luck .
61,null,null,& lt;3
410 26
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,carpe diem Today is the day for change .
2,null,null,I am sick and tire of letting my depression get in the way
3,null,null,all the time I am sick of being shy secluded and uninterested
4,null,null,I am sick of letting my depression define me !
5,null,null,At this very moment nothing but suicidal and depressing
6,null,null,thoughts envelop
7,null,null,my mind
8,null,null,its taking every fiber of my being to not load my gun and just end it .
9,null,null,I do nt want to solve my problems like that .
10,null,null,Today is the day !
11,null,null,I have renewed my gym membership I am going back to work soon
12,null,null,i
13,null,null,m making it a goal to quit smoking and excessively drinking to coap with my depression .
14,null,null,Hell I have even make it a goal to stop watching pornography and masterbating for the next 90 days .
15,null,null,I am getting off of my zoloft
16,null,null,and I am going to do my best to turn my life around .
17,null,null,I have let my depression ruin
18,null,null,so many friendships and with loved ones
19,null,null,relationships
20,null,null,I do nt want to beat myself up anymore
21,null,null,I do nt want to use my depression and a means to try and emotionally connect with someone I am tired of using it as an excuse for everything .
22,null,null,I am tired of loosing people because I refuse or just do nt know how to be happy .
23,null,null,I want to actually live again
24,null,null,I want to enjoy life
25,null,null,not let it pass me by
26,null,null,I want to change .
411 15
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Suicide is a constant thought though I do nt feel a desire to do it
2,null,null,I have people who I care about and who care about me
3,null,null,and I know deep down that I d never consider suicide a valid option
4,null,null,but it seems that I can not help but constantly think about it throughout the day , every day .
5,null,null,Is this something that leads to the actual act or
6,null,null,is it just being in a dark place ?
7,null,null,I feel so apathetic
8,null,null,and when I m not totally numb I feel like there is this pit of sadness in my stomach that I m trying to digest .
9,null,null,I do nt think I genuinely smile or laugh
10,null,null,anymore it is all just reflexes
11,null,null,so my family does nt have more to worry about .
12,null,null,I feel like i ca nt tell people how I am because were all struggling so hard to stay afloat and stay strong for each other and piling more misery on
13,null,null,seems like the wrong thing to do .
14,null,null,Not sure if I m even looking for answers but
15,null,null,it feels good to get it all out of my looping brain
412 9
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Reddit is not a nice place for someone who suffers depression .
2,null,null,I think it is funny how sometimes we take internet so seriously .
3,null,null,I have no idea why the rudness of some totally strange person , probably between 12 - 16 , made me so ..
4,null,null,down .
5,null,null,I think it is because I use Reddit a lot as someway of just ..
6,null,null,Keep my mind full , away from my problems and feelings .
7,null,null,So when someone makes you feel something , it is like a hit of reality .
8,null,null,Escapism is not that great , and
9,null,null,I am so tired of feeling bad all the time .
413 33
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,My grandma is dying and
2,null,null,life does not stop
3,null,null,So I work full - time and .
4,null,null,go to grad school part - time
5,null,null,I am busy 7 days a week between work , class , and homework / housework .
6,null,null,Normally this is a very good thing for me as it keeps the depression and other mental illness at bay .
7,null,null,But my grandma is dying .
8,null,null,She was put into hospice over the weekend and .
9,null,null,can not do much of anything anymore
10,null,null,I love her so much as my grandparents / mom is side of the family .
11,null,null,have been the only stable family I have ever had
12,null,null,My grandmother is an amazing woman .
13,null,null,She graduated as valedictorian of her college class .
14,null,null,She raised 7 amazing children ( all college grads and successful in their fields ) and .
15,null,null,has 14 grandchildren and 5 great - grandchildren
16,null,null,She is 90 and .
17,null,null,has lived an amazing life
18,null,null,It is still so hard to say goodbye .
19,null,null,I have been doing my best to spend time with her and my visiting family but
20,null,null,the grief and depression are kicking my ass .
21,null,null,I can not do anything .
22,null,null,I have a huge paper due this week and
23,null,null,work has been insanely stressful .
24,null,null,I can not even manage to get my laundry done and
25,null,null,I am buying and eating shit food that is bankrupting me .
26,null,null,I do not know what to do .
27,null,null,Life will not stop , and
28,null,null,I am so stressed that my whole body is breaking out in rashes and I am sore all the time .
29,null,null,I do not have any time off work since I have not been there long
30,null,null,and we are already short staffed .
31,null,null,The end of the semester is coming up and
32,null,null,I can not even think much less write a policy analysis .
33,null,null,Any advice is welcomed .
414 27
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Hi , I am Ellen
2,null,null,a.k.a
3,null,null,. Froggie girl62 , a 43-year - old female who has been depressed for life .
4,null,null,I have been labeled as having dysthymia in the past .
5,null,null,Although it was never officially shared with me , I believe from what I have read that I was depressed even as a child .
6,null,null,I graduated college the first time in 1985 with a BA in Sociology with Medical Emphasis and .
7,null,null,have worked in the medical transcription field for 19 years
8,null,null,I have become bored with the job and dissatisfied with being forced to work from home .
9,null,null,( Majorly boring ! )
10,null,null,Last year I started going back to school to pursue a Masters in Fine Arts in Graphic Design .
11,null,null,This has been a huge challenge since I am brand new in the art field and most of the other students are already artists .
12,null,null,In addition , I MUST work 40 hours a week to maintain my health insurance benefits .
13,null,null,My mom has been my best friend and support person forever and
14,null,null,now she has been diagnosed with lung cancer .
15,null,null,She had surgery 2 months ago and .
16,null,null,just began chemotherapy last week
17,null,null,I have had an awful time dealing with this .
18,null,null,Although she has been given a fairly decent prognosis , I am scared that she is going to leave me and would trade places with her in flash if I could .
19,null,null,Truthfully I am disappointed every day when I wake up .
20,null,null,I save lots of money on products to remove mascara , as the tears usually do the job .
21,null,null,I had been on Zoloft 25 mg since the late 1990s and
22,null,null,my family doctor increased it first to 50 and now to 100 mg .
23,null,null,I have also started seeing a psychiatrist , only 2 sessions so far , so hard to say much about that .
24,null,null,In the past when I went for counseling , they just gave me silly assignments and .
25,null,null,told me to go out and meet people
26,null,null,With my school work , I have enough assignments already .
27,null,null,I found this forum from a post on another support forum .
415 50
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,' I promised I would post regarding what I perceived to be a meltdown .
2,null,null,As previously posted , I told all y' all that I would been taking Neurontin .
3,null,null,Since it was not prescribed for seizures but for sleep , insurance would no longer cover it because they said it did not fit into the category of antidepressants or psychotropics , and so on and so forth .
4,null,null,All red tape .
5,null,null,So , the Neurontin was stopped , through no fault of my own .
6,null,null,Well , this disturbed my therapist .
7,null,null,So , after almost 6 weeks off of the Neurontin , during which each week I seemed to be going more off the deep end .
8,null,null,Meaning , I could not sleep , eat , had the shakes , horrific mood swings , unable to think positive about myself , and
9,null,null,piggyback panic attacks
10,null,null,and I subsequently was going off on some crying gig , etc .
11,null,null,So , on the 22nd when I saw my doctor she said with everything I was describing , that indeed I was having withdrawals .
12,null,null,Like Duh , I already knew that .
13,null,null,It seems the combination of the meds I was on was balancing me out and the mere change in the medicine did in fact change the way the other meds worked , or did not work .
14,null,null,Since I am so hypersensitive to just about every medication , ( it took forever to find the right medications and dosages to keep me on the straight and narrow )
15,null,null,the doctor said she would like for me to go back to the psychiatrist that originally prescribed the medications and see if they would try another antidepressant .
16,null,null,Another one ?
17,null,null,That did not set well with me
18,null,null,and I guess I was at the end of my rope .
19,null,null,I broke down and while they had to give me a pill to calm me down .
20,null,null,ended up staying at the doctor
21,null,null,is office for almost two hours
22,null,null,I felt so vulnerable and of course in my state of mind
23,null,null,I perceived this as another crisis .
24,null,null,I also felt extremely istupid ' for breaking down that way .
25,null,null,That is why I said I had a " meltdown .
26,null,null," There was not much I could physically do on Thursday , but
27,null,null,, I knew I had to come back to earth .
28,null,null,After calming down , thanks to their " cocktail pill " , which I did not ask its name .
29,null,null,I agreed to see the psychiatrist .
30,null,null,What choice did I have .
31,null,null,I think the crying episode happened because I remembered all the bad events that happened while they were trying to find the right meds that would balance me out .
32,null,null,It is scary .
33,null,null,Of course while I was at the doctor is , I kept asking stupid questions like , " why do I have to be on anything ? "
34,null,null,Is that denial or what ?
35,null,null,So , to cut this short .
36,null,null,I will be going to the psychiatrist as soon as they can fit me in .
37,null,null,But I need some help .
38,null,null,I am asking any of my friends here to give me any input you want .
39,null,null,I have been doing pretty good
40,null,null,the last couple of days doing the cognitive thinking and just staying busy .
41,null,null,It is the down time that is unsettling .
42,null,null,And obviously , if you see the time this is being posted , you know I am not sleeping much .
43,null,null,I am thinking positive .
44,null,null,My doctor called me Friday to check on me .
45,null,null,That was surprising .
46,null,null,A doctor really calling back .
47,null,null,So , seeing how she is my ' new ' doctor , maybe we will be compatible after all .
48,null,null,Thanks for taking the time to read this and for anything you would like to add to help .
49,null,null,I really appreciate all of you and the joy I receive from reading and writing to you all means a lot to me .
50,null,null,Your kindness means so much .
416 58
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am new to any kind of discussion like this .
2,null,null,I am new to any kind of support like this .
3,null,null,I go to Therapy once a week , or , but
4,null,null,rather I did
5,null,null,it was not really making a large difference .
6,null,null,I am going to be twentytwo soon , and
7,null,null,my life is nowhere how I wish it to be .
8,null,null,The funny part is that to get it where I would like it all I would have to do is go out and get a job , start working .
9,null,null,I just can not seem to leave the house .
10,null,null,I am not a shut in , or anything .
11,null,null,I love people .
12,null,null,I try and , but
13,null,null,keep friends with everything
14,null,null,I get self - conscious all the time .
15,null,null,My early life was pretty difficult when it came to that , getting bullied badly for wearing glasses and being a bit of a dork .
16,null,null,I never really learned those little social rules that everyone else did .
17,null,null,Sometimes I just feel like I am not on everyone
18,null,null,is page , and
19,null,null,nothing seems to help .
20,null,null,I became a father at nineteen , and
21,null,null,it was difficult .
22,null,null,I loved my girlfriend very much at the time , and .
23,null,null,dropped out of school to support her and our daughter
24,null,null,I love my daughter , she is everything .
25,null,null,My girlfriend left me for another man when our daughter was four weeks old
26,null,null,, I can not help but .
27,null,null,feel insecure about this
28,null,null,Logically I should know she is just not so bright or genuine a person with me , but
29,null,null,I can not help but feel part of it was me .
30,null,null,She stopped letting me see my daughter a short time after , I had to go to court and battle things out .
31,null,null,The only accomplishment I have made in the last year that I could feel proud about was to get partial custody and three days a week with her .
32,null,null,I am attentive and loving father .
33,null,null,I have a great relationship with my little girl .
34,null,null,But I can not feel good about it .
35,null,null,Sometimes it is like , as soon as she is gone , I forget she was even here .
36,null,null,I spend all day in the house , like a zombie .
37,null,null,I am either on the computer or at the TV , watching baseball .
38,null,null,I know I want to have a healthy and happy life , and
39,null,null,I want to have money and security for my daughter , but I can not motivate myself to do anything .
40,null,null,My parents were never attentive , and , but
41,null,null,fight constantly
42,null,null,I am twentyone and should be over that .
43,null,null,Instead , it makes me more down now than it ever has .
44,null,null,I am like a giant pit of negativity all the time .
45,null,null,I was involved with a girl , but
46,null,null,that faded quick , and just like everything else it brought me down .
47,null,null,I do not do drugs , or , but
48,null,null,drink
49,null,null,sometimes I really want to .
50,null,null,Funny part is that I have never felt any kind of relief doing them in the past .
51,null,null,In fact , usually my insecurities and negativity are worse .
52,null,null,I feel like I need to get moving soon , or
53,null,null,I will never get moving .
54,null,null,I tried killing myself after my girlfriend stopped letting me see my daughter , I know how bad that was for me .
55,null,null,I know how I made others feel , and
56,null,null,I know how miserable I was .
57,null,null,I do not ever want to get that way again .
58,null,null,But for some reason , and I just do not understand , I can not get myself to get moving .
417 10
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,My parents only having expectations for me to succeed just makes me feel like the biggest failure of my brothers .
2,null,null,Which not only is bullshit but also .
3,null,null,makes me just not try in the first place a lot of the time
4,null,null,Because if I try and fail its worse because I am expected to succeed .
5,null,null,I do not even understand why they expect me to be the successful one .
6,null,null,I barely got acceptable grades in high school until senior year when I just took easy courses .
7,null,null,I failed English and nearly failed Spanish in 9th grade because I was too lazy to put in any effort .
8,null,null,I barely ever brought home friends or .
9,null,null,did extracurricular activities most of high school
10,null,null,But for some reason I am their grand vision for who is gon na make the family proud .
418 30
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,new to the forum and .
2,null,null,just like to share my depression with you all
3,null,null,I was verbally abused at school from the age of 9 right the way up until i left school , at the age of 10 i self - harmed because i felt worthless not wanted and thick .
4,null,null,at the age of 13
5,null,null,my dad left ,
6,null,null,at the age of 15 i took cannabis to get me through school , people at school used to pick on me everyday " for nothing
7,null,null," i would come home with tears dripping from my face
8,null,null,go to my bedroom and .
9,null,null,cut myself with bits of glass
10,null,null,then at 16 the last year in school i used to get drunk before i went into school
11,null,null,this helped me for a while it was the only thing i could rely on .
12,null,null,anyway i am now 19 years old and
13,null,null,have a list of problems such as : Social phobia / Mild Agoraphobia ,
14,null,null,Anxiety problems , "
15,null,null,Depression , Paranoia , Delusions and Insomnia
16,null,null,what a list eh ! !
17,null,null," I do not want to play this sick board game we call life , i do not want anything from life it has nothing to offer me .
18,null,null,i have lost count of all the times i have wanted to kill myself .
19,null,null,I do not trust anyone
20,null,null,i have no friends
21,null,null,and i just want to be in total solitude .
22,null,null,Why can not people accept the fact i do not want to socialize ?
23,null,null,Why is that so wrong ?
24,null,null,I want to die
25,null,null,but i can not at the moment because that would hurt my Mom
26,null,null,, i am stuck on what to do
27,null,null,i just want to be put out of my misery
28,null,null,i ca nt see i future for me .
29,null,null,sorry for babbling on
30,null,null,, i hope people reply talk soon
419 11
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Ending my life if I turn 18 Things around me had become less interesting .
2,null,null,I have become so bored to the point I just do not wanna live anymore .
3,null,null,I want to change
4,null,null,but I realized I am just being a hypocrite
5,null,null,so I am ending it .
6,null,null,I did not learn to love myself nor anyone .
7,null,null,I asked advices from acquaintances but
8,null,null,their advices are all the same and day by day I have become more depressed and I did not tell anyone about it anymore because what is the point ?
9,null,null,I wanted to live for my family but thinking I am dealing with my mental illness alone
10,null,null,is hurting me and its just too much ..
11,null,null,Should I really end it ?
420 29
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Read this if you want , I just needed to let this out somewhere instead of being bottled up inside me ..
2,null,null,Today I went out and
3,null,null,took my driving test for the first time at age 18 , yes ..
4,null,null,18 ..
5,null,null,and I tried to keep a positive attitude throughout the whole day
6,null,null,so I could overcome my nervousness .
7,null,null,Anyway I got there and
8,null,null,took the test
9,null,null,and I failed .. miserably ..
10,null,null,all day long today after that I have just became really depressed because the following things are running through my mind : -
11,null,null,Younger kids than me pass everyday ,
12,null,null,apparently I must be f**ing retarded and worthless ..
13,null,null,All my friends passed no problem ..
14,null,null,why can not I ?
15,null,null,Why am I so stupid ..
16,null,null,Everyone had so much confidence in me
17,null,null,and I have let them all down
18,null,null,, I feel like I should not be alive since I am so worthless ..
19,null,null,I have only 2 more chances to pass this before I have to fill out some form saying that I am too f**ing retarded to drive and that I need more help as I am too stupid to try again myself ..
20,null,null,so the state has to approve my dumb a
21,null,null,* * to try again ..
22,null,null,I feel like I am not even good enough to do anything if I can not pass some simple f**ing test that everyone else can pass ..
23,null,null,why am I so dumb ?
24,null,null,Everyone say " It is so easy ! " , " It is not difficult , I passed my first time ! "
25,null,null,, it just makes me want to kill myself since I can not live up to the standards of this world .. and
26,null,null,may other things I just can not find words to describe ..
27,null,null,I am not asking anyone to comfort me or make me feel better or anything
28,null,null,, I just wanted to let this out ..
29,null,null,thanks for that ..
421 7
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Do you ever feel like you can not do anything right and everyone secretly hates you ?
2,null,null,I have felt like that for as long as I can remember , and
3,null,null,it feels like no matter how many times people tell me it is not true
4,null,null,, I can not convince myself that I am not a worthless waste of human existence and that everyone does not see me for the shitty person that I am .
5,null,null,How can anyone else like me if I do not even like myself ?
6,null,null,I will always be alone with only my parents caring about me because they feel obligated to and they probably do not think I could function without them .
7,null,null,Even with them , I can barely function .
422 3
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Even in objectively good circumstances I feel this emptiness
2,null,null,Do you also feel this empty hole inside you while doing objectively interesting things like being on a holiday or doing something with your friends .
3,null,null,This lack of feeling is it is own kind of devastating in my opinion since you can not blame your bad surroundings for your feelings thereby losing hope and any motivation for improving your live since you will only continue having this numb feeling you always have anyway .
423 14
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Standing in the Rain Standing in the rain Letting the clouds cry your pain
2,null,null,Your own tears do not pour No one checks in anymore
3,null,null,A fraud seeking attention
4,null,null,In reality you are quietly seeking intervention There is no knocks on your door
5,null,null,No one checks in anymore Take a long walk down the lane And
6,null,null,stand alone in the rain
7,null,null,You hate yourself for being sick
8,null,null,The mind is candle burning at both ends of the wick
9,null,null,You are losing your grip on what matters , on what is sane
10,null,null,But none of that really matters when you stand in the rain
11,null,null,How long can you play this game Before you fall into shame and pain
12,null,null,Who knows , so today let is just stand in the rain Because tomorrow might not be the same This is probably terrible
13,null,null,but I have got too much free time and my mind
14,null,null,being idle is very bad .
424 21
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I tried to get onto the chat room , but
2,null,null,it will not let me so I will just post my question here .
3,null,null,In my sociology class today my professor was talking about an experiment where several pseudomanic ( healthy ) patients checked into mental hospitals to record the results .
4,null,null,The details of the experiment are not important , but .
5,null,null,what I was wondering was about how my teacher said that the patients used fake names so that it would not be on their permanent record and so that they would not be labeled as " crazy "
6,null,null,So I raised my hand and ?
7,null,null,asked who would be labeling them and why they could not use their real names , like how would people know
8,null,null,He said that it would be on their record and that if people wanted to find out if they have ever been hospitalized they could , particularly employers .
9,null,null,Kind of like if you wanted to inquire about a rapist living in your town , is what he said .
10,null,null,I wanted to ask more but did not want to press it .
11,null,null,So my questions are , what kind of record does this go on ?
12,null,null,Your hospital record ?
13,null,null,Your police record ?
14,null,null,When employers do a background check , does this show up ?
15,null,null,Then I was wondering , when police pull you over for speeding or something
16,null,null,and they check your information on their computer , what comes up ?
17,null,null,Everything ?
18,null,null,If they were involved in an ambulance taking someone into the hospital , do they have that on file ?
19,null,null,Is there any way to see what is on your file ?
20,null,null,I am just a little paranoid now about if there are going to be limitations in life now as to what I can do because of my record .
21,null,null,Or if anyone knows how I would be able to find out this information that would be great ,
425 32
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,fuck .
2,null,null,so my ex who I miss like a lot and who moved away because she hated me so much is apparently coming back next year
3,null,null,and .. I just want to die .
4,null,null,I really just want to kill myself this summer or .
5,null,null,at least move away
6,null,null,I do not think I can handle that .
7,null,null,I just do not want to live anymore
8,null,null,it is killing me why does she have to come back
9,null,null,why can not she just let me be alone and
10,null,null,forget that I ever was not aahh now
11,null,null,I am going to have to look over my fucking shoulder every five seconds when I am in the hallways and just fuck me straight to hell if we end up having any classes together
12,null,null,I can not fucking stand myself
13,null,null,so I know she can not aahh
14,null,null,I do not want to make her angry
15,null,null,but I know just my presence in general will fuck
16,null,null,I dunno
17,null,null,I finally got people to forget about it and stop asking about what happened
18,null,null,and I do not want it to start again
19,null,null,I just wish I could forget everything or die
20,null,null,I wish we could both forget and not know each other
21,null,null,I think she would be a lot happier she used to say she was happy
22,null,null,she knew me but
23,null,null,now knowing me makes her absolutely miserable
24,null,null,and I think she would be a lot happier overall if she never did .
25,null,null,I hope I die
26,null,null,I can not handle this
27,null,null,well I do not want to I am so fucking
28,null,null,pathetic
29,null,null,I hope I die she does too
30,null,null,so I should I am soo tired
31,null,null,I just want to die
32,null,null,I do not think I can stand seeing her face in the halls every day again I just can not
426 26
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I have severe anxiety and suicidal ideation
2,null,null,I have no motivation to do anything .
3,null,null,If i do nt go to work
4,null,null,i m in bed all day .
5,null,null,I have no desire to text friends or do things i used to be passionate about .
6,null,null,All i can think about is how much of a loser i am because i have not applied to any colleges yet
7,null,null,( i graduated in may ) .
8,null,null,I see on social media people going out and having fun
9,null,null,and i look at myself ,
10,null,null,i m never out of bed .
11,null,null,The only time i shower is when i go to work or go run errands with my mom .
12,null,null,I am physically and mentally exhausted .
13,null,null,Another thing , I have severe anxiety about posting on social media .
14,null,null,Ill muster the courage to post a selfie and .
15,null,null,then delete an hour later
16,null,null,When i have panic attacks
17,null,null,i delete my profile picture , bio and everything i posted that is a picture of me
18,null,null,or i think people will judge me for .
19,null,null,I keep thinking that my friends are just talking about me behind my back and actually hate me .
20,null,null,These thoughts get so overwhelming that i start picking at my skin where i think there is something " wrong " about it and pulling my hair out .
21,null,null,I keep cutting my hair , too .
22,null,null,Its only two inches and it used to be down to my elbow .
23,null,null,I keep thinking it will be all over if i just walk outside onto the freeway or swallow some pills .
24,null,null,The only thing stopping me is that i can not get out of bed most days .
25,null,null,I ca nt handle being myself anymore and
26,null,null,i do nt know what to do
427 6
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,How do I know I am depressed ?
2,null,null,I do not have persistent sadness but
3,null,null,some days I just feel really really down .
4,null,null,Today I thought about how I could kill myself on my commute , but
5,null,null,I think those might have just been wandering thoughts and nothing serious .
6,null,null,I think today I might just have a case of the Mondays ?
428 14
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I will never be able to take care of myself , .
2,null,null,let alone anyone else
3,null,null,I physically can not find the energy to even do the most basic things , like laundry , showering , and eating .
4,null,null,Grocery shopping is a really tiring adventure that is followed by a four hour nap .
5,null,null,My schoolwork to rest ratio is 1:10 .
6,null,null,I can not even remember to water the singular plant that I own .
7,null,null,They always end up dying before I even realize .
8,null,null,I do not even know how I would be able to take care of a pet , .
9,null,null,let alone any kids
10,null,null,It is a really good thing I do not want kids , because I would be a terrible , neglectful mother .
11,null,null,I would hardly have any energy to make them food , let alone .
12,null,null,entertain them
13,null,null,I do not understand how people can clean and do laundry and brush their teeth every day .
14,null,null,They are mountains to me .
429 60
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Really struggling with self image - any tips to build self confidence ?
2,null,null,I have struggled with my overall view of myself for as long as I can remember - in particular with my weight .
3,null,null,Where i m at , at the moment feels like the worst its ever been
4,null,null,, I keep having full blown melt downs about how much I repulse myself .
5,null,null,Throughout my life I ve been on more diets than I can count and tried multiple different excercise routines .
6,null,null,About 4 years ago I gained 30kgs really fast and
7,null,null,after moping and feeling sorry for myself
8,null,null,i decided i would kick it up a notch and started taking things really serious .
9,null,null,6 days a week at the gym , personal training , strict meal plans - the works .
10,null,null,This worked so well at the beginning , I dropped 18kgs in the first few months .
11,null,null,It came to a halt and
12,null,null,for the past 3 years I have continued to lose
13,null,null,weight slower -
14,null,null,i m at about 25 kilos down in total now .
15,null,null,I thought I would be further along by now .
16,null,null,I live and
17,null,null,work on the road at the moment travelling from town to town
18,null,null,so i ve dropped the gym membership
19,null,null,but I try and .
20,null,null,make up for it with doing workout sessions on my own , lots of hiking and swimming
21,null,null,I recently switched to a keto diet from the previous meal plan I was on .
22,null,null,I am fitter than I have ever been and
23,null,null,what I can achieve now in a physical capacity is so much greater than ever before in my life
24,null,null,( I was less fit even as a child )
25,null,null,The problem I have is that i m still
26,null,null,so overweight , I very rarely find anything that fits me in stores
27,null,null,and i do nt have an address to order things online .
28,null,null,I feel like people could look at me and assume I do nt give a fuck about my health when I do and that makes me feel worse .
29,null,null,Anytime I talk to doctors about unrelated issues they make it about my weight .
30,null,null,I feel like outwardly i m the worst version of myself
31,null,null,, I look in the mirror and .
32,null,null,get angry
33,null,null,Does anyone have any tips on how to pull myself out of this ?
34,null,null,I feel so crushed when I am reminded of my weight because I do nt feel how I look .
35,null,null,I want to be proud of my achievements
36,null,null,but I am not , I feel annoyed that its not better
37,null,null,and I have nt reached a bigger goal .
38,null,null,I think ill never reach a weight I am happy with -
39,null,null,which is not only devastating to me but .
40,null,null,bothers me so much more because i m genuinely trying my hardest
41,null,null,I ve had hiccups and times where I have literally tried to eat my feelings away
42,null,null,but I always pick myself up and .
43,null,null,try again
44,null,null,I do nt know how many more times I can fail .
45,null,null,In an effort to help me stay on track
46,null,null,my partner started eating the same foods as me .
47,null,null,Weightloss had never been his goal or something he was focusing on , it was just to make it easier on me not to see him eating a toasted cheese sandwich while I was eating salad with no dressing .
48,null,null,He wanted to limit the temptation and .
49,null,null,helped cook me awesome healthy meals that tasted a million times better than anything I cooked
50,null,null,For him it worked a treat , he was never overweight just a bit stocky , but
51,null,null,he s since lost so much weight and looks amazing .
52,null,null,And whilst i m so happy for him
53,null,null,it hurts as it just shows how much progress i have nt made .
54,null,null,As stupid as it sounds I think it highlights my weight more when we are together cause he looks so fit and healthy
55,null,null,and I look like I sit around eating kfc all day .
56,null,null,I want to be confident or at least more confident
57,null,null,but I am so critical on myself
58,null,null,I ca nt even begin to let the confidence through .
59,null,null,Any thoughts on this are appreciated and .
60,null,null,thankyou to anyone who took the time to read this
430 13
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,This girl I do not really know walked up to me and
2,null,null,drew a heart on my paper
3,null,null,I know it is something so small and meaningless
4,null,null,but it made me really feel better .
5,null,null,My day was really hard and .
6,null,null,some portions I felt as if I was going to start crying
7,null,null,I despise myself and the fact that someone can walk up to me and draw something kind of sweet and cute on my paper .
8,null,null,makes me feel less gross and insecure
9,null,null,Sadly my awkward self did not respond very fast and
10,null,null,by the time my brain was able to form a " aww
11,null,null,thank you " she walked away .
12,null,null,Thanks Trinity , that was really nice
13,null,null,, it really did make me feel better .
431 49
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I do not know what my problem is
2,null,null,Hello , I have never posted here before .
3,null,null,I am a 28 year old guy and
4,null,null,have a decent job that I like
5,null,null,, it is quiet and involves a lot of puzzle solving and I am pretty good at it .
6,null,null,I have never had a ton of friends because I am very particular and not very open with people
7,null,null,so it takes a long time to build up relationships , but
8,null,null,the friends I do have are outstanding and I would not trade them for anything .
9,null,null,I am kind of the funny guy
10,null,null,but my humor is very blue .
11,null,null,I got bullied a lot in grade school and .
12,null,null,learned to make people laugh because it would get them to not make fun of me
13,null,null,I think it just kind of stuck .
14,null,null,I do not know if any of that information is really important , just wanted to give it in case that is something that people do here .
15,null,null,For at least 5 years , I have a hard time doing anything outside of my job alone without crawling up inside my head .
16,null,null,All the things that I used to do for enjoyment like listening to music or playing video games , I just can not do anything anymore .
17,null,null,It is like a wave of apathy that very rarely lifts .
18,null,null,Occasionally , I pick up a razor blade and
19,null,null,will press it into my shoulder or hand
20,null,null,and I do not really know why to be honest .
21,null,null,I do not know if I like the pain or
22,null,null,maybe I like having something else to focus on for a minute .
23,null,null,Or just to feel something that is not apathy for a moment .
24,null,null,I think about dying sometimes .
25,null,null,Why we are here , what is the point if it ends the same .
26,null,null,I doubt I would ever kill myself because there are things I care about here that I would not leave behind like that , mainly my mom and brother .
27,null,null,I worry my brother will end up like me .
28,null,null,Is there anything I can do ?
29,null,null,I do not know what a pill could do for me or if a pill works .
30,null,null,I think the brain is so complex that it could not , but
31,null,null,I guess I do not know .
32,null,null,I do not want to be in a mental fog or be unaware or not be me anymore .
33,null,null,I have also always kind of thought that it is human nature to feel this way
34,null,null,: that everybody gets down , gets bored , thinks about their mortality , etc .
35,null,null,and that I am just being soft and .
36,null,null,need to suck it up
37,null,null,Life is difficult , I just need to learn to deal with it maybe .
38,null,null,I do not know what is going on
39,null,null,but I do not like feeling like that .
40,null,null,If I am hanging out with friends or family I am usually fine , it is being alone with myself and .
41,null,null,having time alone where I can not entertain myself and waste away
42,null,null,I can not really explain it .
43,null,null,Does anyone else feel like this ?
44,null,null,What helps you ?
45,null,null,I have never talked to a therapist or anything like that and , but
46,null,null,understand you can not give a diagnosis on here
47,null,null,if you know any methods to help me get out of that feeling , I would be eternally grateful .
48,null,null,Is this what depression feels like
49,null,null,and I have just been in denial about having it for years ?
432 8
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Why does depression do this
2,null,null,It is destroyed my ability to properly feel love or empathy with those closest to me .
3,null,null,It is driving me insane and .
4,null,null,making me feel like I do not care about them anymore
5,null,null,But before depression I would have laughed if you would told me I did not care about my family .
6,null,null,I have always been full of love and empathy .
7,null,null,Now I am just angry and snappy with them .
8,null,null,I feel like a monster .
433 41
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I want to die [ trigger warning ]
2,null,null,[ Trigger Warning ]
3,null,null,My trauma happened when i was 8 , I am now 18 and .
4,null,null,still suffer from it daily
5,null,null,I actually suppressed the trauma completely until I was 12 , when it all came back to me ;
6,null,null,so I guess I have only really been dealing with it for 6 years now .
7,null,null,I have severe PTSD , severe depression , anxiety , severe panic / anxiety attacks , OCD , severe memory loss , and .
8,null,null,had an intense eating disorder for 6 years that I am still struggling with constantly
9,null,null,I have not gotten a good nights ' sleep in years .
10,null,null,I have constant PTSD nightmares , regular nightmares , and insomnia / constant fatigue and exhaustion .
11,null,null,I also disassociate a lot and self harmed for years .
12,null,null,Currently clean from self harm for about a year and a half .
13,null,null,I have been admitted to a hospital because of all of my mental problems , and .
14,null,null,honestly wish I could go back sometimes
15,null,null,I was gaslighted for years to believe that my trauma was normal .
16,null,null,My home environment was constantly hostile .
17,null,null,I go through long periods of feeling suicidal .
18,null,null,Currently in that period .
19,null,null,Do not know what to do , honestly .
20,null,null,Years of being in therapy and being prescribed pills
21,null,null,and yet I still am nowhere near being close to healthy .
22,null,null,Looking back , I can not even remember the last time I was genuinely happy .
23,null,null,The periods of my sadness last longer than my periods of calm .
24,null,null,I am so afraid of waking up when I am 40 and still feeling the same way I do now .
25,null,null,The thing about being an adult that spent their entire teenage years thinking they would have killed themselves by now is realizing that your mental illnesses have real repercussions .
26,null,null,I have fucked bones and a fucked stomach because of an eating disorder that lasted so long and a GED because I could nt find the will to do schoolwork when I was just trying to find the will to live another day and not cut myself again .
27,null,null,I can not afford college because I did not do any extracurriculars to get scholarships because the thought of having to stay after school made me want to have a panic attack
28,null,null,and i just wanted to sleep .
29,null,null,I have no friends because when people invited me to hang out my anxiety made me cry myself to sleep instead .
30,null,null,I did not have any real thought - out grand plans because I was too busy hurting myself and getting high and wanting to kill myself to really sit down and plan things out .
31,null,null,I said I wanted to do things but never took the time to think it all through .
32,null,null,It does nt seem fair that I went through this trauma and .
33,null,null,, had / have all of this mental illness ,
34,null,null,now have to do with the repercussions of those illnesses
35,null,null,It does nt seem fair that I am suffering so much still .
36,null,null,I do not know what to do anymore .
37,null,null,I am tired of trying so fucking hard .
38,null,null,I know this is self - pitying and ' emo '
39,null,null,but I just do not know what to do .
40,null,null,I have no one to talk to .
41,null,null,I really just want to die .
434 29
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Escapism and depression Sorry about the self - pity rant that is inbound , needed to get this out there somehow .
2,null,null,This morning I was taking a shower sitting down with the lights off -
3,null,null,I know , pretty edgy behavior , but
4,null,null,it is my way of unwinding and resetting myself between bouts of work .
5,null,null,I finished up a relatively escapist story the night prior .
6,null,null,Stupidly , I had allowed myself to suspend my disbelief and got sucked into the plot .
7,null,null,The writing was not even terribly good -
8,null,null,the only reason I enjoyed myself was because I could temporarily forget my current self and take up the role of some other more relevant and admirable character .
9,null,null,The story ended with a shoehorned but unbearably happy ending where the main character gets married .
10,null,null,, settles in with his newfound friends , and all is good for the time being
11,null,null,You know , the typical " insert generic ending here
12,null,null," bullshit .
13,null,null,Fast forward to this morning .
14,null,null,I am in the shower and .
15,null,null,start thinking of my day to come , making mental to - do lists , and stressing about my current temporary problems
16,null,null,But somewhere along the line , I start thinking of the stupid story .
17,null,null,I can not help but .
18,null,null,start comparing my life with that of the main character and think about how much I would give just to be able to live a more meaningful , less real life
19,null,null,Then I start comparing myself to the character , and .
20,null,null,realize just how _ useless _ I am
21,null,null,Like holy shit , I am almost an adult and .
22,null,null,am still a passionless idiot who does nothing outside of schoolwork
23,null,null,Of course I can not lead a meaningful life , I am not worthy of any of it .
24,null,null,Thinking about this evidently stressed me out a bit too much , as I started puking what little I ate all over my shower floor and crying .
25,null,null,I do not know .
26,null,null,I enjoy escapism probably to a fault , but
27,null,null,it is the only way for me to feel at least a little relevant .
28,null,null,I will probably come to terms with my role as human being 6,732,385,402 someday .
29,null,null,Many thanks to anybody who bothered to read this wall of text .
435 37
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,It is been so long since I have been here doubt anyone would remember me !
2,null,null,Lots has been happening .
3,null,null,My job has become busier
4,null,null,so I have become more exhausted when I get home
5,null,null,and I just do not want to do anything .
6,null,null,Then on March 4
7,null,null,my brother from my adopted mother died of a heart attack .
8,null,null,so had to go through that experience with my niece , his only daughter
9,null,null,Then right after that my husband got really sick with pain in his belly .
10,null,null,We took him into emergency and
11,null,null,they did a CT scan and could see only massive infection and could not tell it was coming where from .
12,null,null,So he was admitted and .
13,null,null,given antibiotics and scheduled for a colonoscopy
14,null,null,He was also very low on potassium so he was given bags of potassium and taking pills on top of that .
15,null,null,His colon was clear so it was determined his gall bladder was diseased and needed to come out .
16,null,null,But right now it was so swollen and .
17,null,null,infected the surgeon wanted to wait until the infection cleared and swelling went down before he took it out
18,null,null,So husband is now on a non - fat diet to reduce the swelling and still on antibiotics to clear out the infection .
19,null,null,Fortunately , being vegan , non - fat is not too hard for us to do .
20,null,null,He goes in for a pre - exam on Wednesday and .
21,null,null,then surgery a week later
22,null,null,But through all this I have not been doing my routing of medications and exercise and .
23,null,null,am suffering for it
24,null,null,Fibro and migraines have hit me really hard .
25,null,null,I am still trying to take care of my husband though by preparing his meals .
26,null,null,He lost almost 30 lbs through the last week of this whole episode .
27,null,null,In the meantime , I have an appointment Monday with a neurosurgeon to discuss if something needs to be done with my tethered spinal cord .
28,null,null,I have had it for years and
29,null,null,it causes weakness in my legs and pins and needles in my feet .
30,null,null,It could also affect bladder and bowel functions
31,null,null,but I have not had that problem yet .
32,null,null,I have read that sometimes they cut the end of the spinal cord to get it out of the way of the vertebrae .
33,null,null,I am not sure how serious my case is but
34,null,null,my neurologist thought it was serious enough to send me to surgeons .
35,null,null,It is a rare birth defect I guess found in adults .
36,null,null,Usually they catch it in infants .
37,null,null,So , in a LARGE nutshell , that has been what I have been up to
436 38
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Today I realized I do not have any friends .
2,null,null,Not really .
3,null,null,This weekend I was going to go to a Harry Potter symphony with my two aunts .
4,null,null,One of them and my grandma , who all live together , got sick .
5,null,null,They gave me the three tickets .
6,null,null,They told me to go with friends , but
7,null,null,they do not want to chance getting me sick or no one staying with their mom .
8,null,null,Fair enough .
9,null,null,As I was driving home from work today I was thinking about who to take , and
10,null,null,I came up blank .
11,null,null,No one came to mind .
12,null,null,I have my roommates , but
13,null,null,I do not really talk to them much
14,null,null,and they all have girlfriends that they hang out with all the time anyway .
15,null,null,Even the ones
16,null,null,I went to high school with .
17,null,null,I realized the other day when they mentioned it in passing that they had started a new DnD campaign with a new guy .
18,null,null,I am never invited to dinners or anything anymore .
19,null,null,We never make a big ass meal together on Saturday anymore .
20,null,null,Honestly , I do not think they would even want to go anyway .
21,null,null,There is no one else I would ask .
22,null,null,Everyone at work is either dating someone
23,null,null,or I do not know them
24,null,null,well enough .
25,null,null,I am taking online classes
26,null,null,so no one there either .
27,null,null,I do not do anything outside of school or work .
28,null,null,I do not even have any friends to take to this fucking symphony .
29,null,null,Not even one .
30,null,null,I identify more with the characters in the books I read than with anyone I know .
31,null,null,I do not know what to do .
32,null,null,I feel so alone .
33,null,null,I am not even that close with my family , not really .
34,null,null,Not well enough that I can even really talk about my opinions and especially not my emotions .
35,null,null,The therapist I saw about a year ago
36,null,null,kinda threw me off as SAD and .
37,null,null,said it would get better
38,null,null,I just dunno what to do .
437 5
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am a narcissist Downvote me , I deserve it .
2,null,null,I should die alone isolated from civilization , starving and rotting to death in a hole .
3,null,null,Do not try to help me
4,null,null,, I do not deserve it .
5,null,null,I hope I suffer even more before dying a gruesome and painful death because fuck me .
438 70
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I have been depressed all my life
2,null,null,and I am just tired
3,null,null,I am finding it harder and harder everyday .
4,null,null,I am almost 23 years old and
5,null,null,I can not even function properly .
6,null,null,I feel like I have the mental capacity of a child sometimes because I do not know how to do anything .
7,null,null,My entire life I lived in fear of my parents and now that I am out
8,null,null,I just can not function at all .
9,null,null,I had to quit my job because I could not handle being at work in my emotional state .
10,null,null,I can not handle people being vaguely negative towards me .
11,null,null,I feel awful because now it is just my fianc working , but
12,null,null,he says that it is okay that I need time ..
13,null,null,I can not help but .
14,null,null,feel he resents me for it
15,null,null,I do not even know how we are going to pay for our wedding .
16,null,null,I do not know anything about feminine hygiene , or how to brush / style my hair .
17,null,null,It is just matted in knots and up in a bun , or .
18,null,null,if it looks decent enough I will put it in a ponytail
19,null,null,I do not know how to keep friends because I was constantly grounded for everything .
20,null,null,I spent most of my life alone in my room , when I was grounded
21,null,null,I was not allowed to eat dinner with the family .
22,null,null,I have 2 step sisters , one half sister , and 3 half brothers .
23,null,null,All from 3 different marriages not including my parents ' since I am their only child .
24,null,null,And I am not close with any of them .
25,null,null,I do not even know all of their ages .
26,null,null,I did not have mother figure in my life because my stepmoms were just either physically abusive or emotionally .
27,null,null,My dad was a drunk , and
28,null,null,just controlled every aspect of my life yelling at me if I did not want to do something or had different opinions than him
29,null,null,you think you are in control of your life
30,null,null,but you are not .
31,null,null,You belong to me or
32,null,null,make weird sexual remarks in front of his friend when I would have a friend over
33,null,null,oh you
34,null,null,two girls are probably going to kiss and rollover on top of each other thankfully not in front of her .
35,null,null,But sadly our friendship did not really last very long .
36,null,null,Then he convinced me to get really drunk when I went to go visit from college and his friend tried taking advantage of me when I was trying to sleep it off in my room .
37,null,null,I want to get a better job than the one I had previously
38,null,null,but my upkeep is awful
39,null,null,and I probably would not get hired ..
40,null,null,And I know I have to better myself
41,null,null,but it is just so hard I just do not know where to start .
42,null,null,I have no money .
43,null,null,No friends .
44,null,null,I practically have no family because I never want to go back .
45,null,null,I dropped out of school because I could not afford it anymore because my dad stole the money I saved up .
46,null,null,But even if he did not I probably still would have dropped out because I could not pick a major , I kept changing it , and
47,null,null,I feel like a loser because I was supposed to graduate this year .
48,null,null,I used to be really good at math and writing and now I can not even remember simple math or how to use proper grammar .
49,null,null,I find myself not knowing how to spell words or using the wrong ones
50,null,null,and it just makes me feel so stupid .
51,null,null,I hate it .
52,null,null,I was diagnosed with BPD and
53,null,null,I can not even afford to treat it .
54,null,null,My car stopped working , and
55,null,null,I do not even know how to use a bus .
56,null,null,I hate my life .
57,null,null,I hate everything .
58,null,null,I am just so tired of it all .
59,null,null,I already went to a mental facility for a month
60,null,null,and I still can not function .
61,null,null,I can not bring myself to end it all because I love my fianc more than anything .
62,null,null,He is been my one true friend since high school ,
63,null,null,even if we only spoke at school , he is always been there for me .
64,null,null,I can not leave him .
65,null,null,I do not know what to do .
66,null,null,I do not have clear thinking .
67,null,null,I hate that I am so black and white
68,null,null,, I am just trying to be gray .
69,null,null,I am so sorry this is so long , this is my first post , it will probably get removed because I do not even know how to use reddit but
70,null,null,whatever venting this out helps a bit even if no one reads it .
439 7
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Loneliness is just so crippling
2,null,null,I just can not handle it myself , and
3,null,null,there is no one I can realistically ask for help because I just need so much more help than anyone can give .
4,null,null,And I do not have nearly enough people to spread out the burden .
5,null,null,I just do not seem capable of finding anyone who actually wants to be a real friend to me .
6,null,null,I just feel so incredibly sad because I feel alone
7,null,null,and I can not do anything about it .
440 52
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,The last 3 days felt like the first days of my life .
2,null,null,Today feels like the beginning of the last days .
3,null,null,I have been having depression since Senior Year .
4,null,null,I have been fighting non stop for 5 years .
5,null,null,I took gap years to fight depression .
6,null,null,Until last October , I thought depression has gone cause i felt totally normal at that time .
7,null,null,During the time , I had a lot of ups and downs .
8,null,null,Lots of tears , .
9,null,null,lots of laugh
10,null,null,But i have never given up on myself Last November
11,null,null,, my brother did sth bad .
12,null,null,And my ex attempted suicide .
13,null,null,That is when i got depressed again .
14,null,null,The first time in 2 years Until 3 days ago , I met a girl .
15,null,null,"
16,null,null,Perfect stranger " is the word that would suit her the most .
17,null,null,My situation with her is exactly like in the movie " Before we go " by Chris Evan .
18,null,null,2 strangers meet each other out of 7 billion people but
19,null,null,they would never see each other again .
20,null,null,And 3 days after we met ( we hung out everyday for the last 3 days ) , she is gone .
21,null,null,We still keep contact
22,null,null,but I do nt think i would ever see her again
23,null,null,( please do nt ask why ) .
24,null,null,She knows about depression .
25,null,null,She made me make a promise to reach out to her every time i get depressed .
26,null,null,The last 3 days were the happiest days of my life .
27,null,null,It feels like I actually live for the first time .
28,null,null,But i also got depressed since .
29,null,null,I got depressed because i could not recall her image .
30,null,null,I could nt recall her face .
31,null,null,I could not recall what she looked like when we first met .
32,null,null,And i could nt remember why those were the happiest days of my life .
33,null,null,I just recall those were the happiest .
34,null,null,All i can recall is a brief moment of her smile for like 5 - 10 secs , her voice , and the moment when we were about to say good bye that i poured out my heart .
35,null,null,Everything is so blurry .
36,null,null,Then i went on to google to search for blurry memories and depression .
37,null,null,And it leads me to " depression and memory loss " and " depression and Alzheimer " .
38,null,null,Then i started to shed tears .
39,null,null,I was thinking about the day i actually lost my memories .
40,null,null,What if it actually comes , What if one day i would nt remember her , my mom , my best friends , and even myself ?
41,null,null,I was teaching in class when i shed tears .
42,null,null,I had to run to the bathroom and cried in there for 15 mins .
43,null,null,Luckily noone noticed .
44,null,null,I remembered my promise to her .
45,null,null,I was about to text her .
46,null,null,And then i started to cry again .
47,null,null,I will bother her .
48,null,null,I will make her worried .
49,null,null,I will waste her time .
50,null,null,And i ca nt afford to hurt people i love .
51,null,null,This is the beginning of the end .
52,null,null,Please help .
441 46
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Am I Depressed or ?
2,null,null,is it something else
3,null,null,This seems like a dumb question because to an extent
4,null,null,I know I am depressed but not to a clinical level .
5,null,null,Like I hate the situation I am in .
6,null,null,I hate being in debt .
7,null,null,I hate living where I live .
8,null,null,That sort of thing .
9,null,null,However , I am not unmotivated .
10,null,null,Like at all .
11,null,null,I am not hopeless .
12,null,null,I am not suicidal in any way .
13,null,null,I am terrified of death in fact one of my biggest fears
14,null,null,is that I will get so depressed that I will become suicidal which is weird ,
15,null,null,I know
16,null,null,but the point is , nothing in me wants to die .
17,null,null,That being said , I am tired all the time .
18,null,null,I mean physically exhausted .
19,null,null,Which seems to contradict major depression .
20,null,null,I get up every day , shower every day , though I do not really want to go to work
21,null,null,I go to work and
22,null,null,do work with no issue
23,null,null,( it is more that I do not enjoy my job that much on most days honestly some days
24,null,null,it is super fun
25,null,null,it is just one of those things it really has to do with the fact that I am older and I am not doing what I thought I would be doing by this point in my life more than I hate my job ) .
26,null,null,I can not think of many reasons why I would be this physically exhausted all the time .
27,null,null,Literally every doctor says " You you are just massively depressed " .
28,null,null,No , I do not believe I am depressed to the degree that it makes me physically exhausted .
29,null,null,If I still have plenty of hope for the future , want to get up , want to get dressed
30,null,null,, want to shower , want to look good ..
31,null,null,how is this major depression to a point where I am also tired all the time ?
32,null,null,Is it possible to have some major depressive disorder and not be hopeless and still be motivated to work hard and try new things ?
33,null,null,Because if it is , someone needs to tell me that .
34,null,null,Any time a doctor tells me I must be depressed if I am so tired all the time
35,null,null,and I tell them that I am not hopeless or suicidal or unmotivated
36,null,null,then they go , "
37,null,null,Oh well I do not know what it is then " .
38,null,null,I am very annoyed with this because I never used to be physically exhausted like this before and doctors seem to just dismiss it as depression when I am positive my depression is not so bad
39,null,null,it is ONLY making my physically exhausted and .
40,null,null,not having any other emotional affect on me
41,null,null,I am frustrated so
42,null,null,, if anyone can answer this it would be helpful
43,null,null,so I can see what avenue to pursue next .
44,null,null,Note :
45,null,null,It is not a problem with my thyroid or adrenal gland
46,null,null,I already had those checked twice by two different doctors .
442 62
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Back pain has brought me to a dark space .
2,null,null,I have been struggling with back pain for 2 years now and
3,null,null,I am 17 .
4,null,null,I play soccer ( football ) , and
5,null,null,that s all I know
6,null,null,, I have played my whole life .
7,null,null,I do not have much friends nor other hobbies besides gaming ( very mediocre gamer ) .
8,null,null,However , these pass two years have been terrible .
9,null,null,Due to my undying love for the sport , I would try to play through the pain .
10,null,null,( regret it )
11,null,null,Which has only made me worse .
12,null,null,I decided my first Summer with back pain that I would not play for a month .
13,null,null,Which I achieved with no real results .
14,null,null,I passed the time playing Video games .
15,null,null,However , the constant sitting probably made my back worse .
16,null,null,I played a tournament that same Summer after the month break .
17,null,null,5 games some sort of international tournament .
18,null,null,By the end of the tournament my back had gotten so bad I could not bear to move .
19,null,null,Despite all this , I somehow got chosen to go to Spain .
20,null,null,Few months later I went to Spain at 16 , with back pain , .
21,null,null,played soccer and such but did not get noticed
22,null,null,Fast forward to now
23,null,null,and I have gone a whole season barley playing and .
24,null,null,still struggle with back pain
25,null,null,Now I am 17 , I have gone this whole Summer without much activity just stretching and ab work outs .
26,null,null,The Summer is almost over and
27,null,null,the realization that I have not gotten better is bringing a dark cloud over me .
28,null,null,I scream at night out of anger and sadness .
29,null,null,I constantly tell myself I want to die(&lt;-Im not sure if this is breaking a rule , sorry in advanced , just tell me
30,null,null,and I will remove this part ) , and
31,null,null,I cry everyday .
32,null,null,I do most of those things in private , when no one is home ( excluding the random screaming
33,null,null,I do at night ) .
34,null,null,I do not want my mom to worry about me
35,null,null,like she does my diagnosed depressed big brother , and
36,null,null,also her dealing with my little brother
37,null,null,is life ( He is 7 ) .
38,null,null,On top of all that my mom is a single mom and barley has time for her own life and .
39,null,null,gets sad easily
40,null,null,( The sight of my mom sad deeply pains me inside )
41,null,null,I have always been the one kid that could take care of himself .
42,null,null,She has even told me personally that she is glad that she does not need to worry too much about me ( only deals with my back pain .
43,null,null,, she takes me to rehab )
44,null,null,I have been to the Doctors and have done a MRI , they say its nothing .
45,null,null,Just functional .
46,null,null,( Whatever that means .. )
47,null,null,Point is , I am very sad
48,null,null,and I feel like I am getting worse everyday .
49,null,null,I do not know what to do with my life .
50,null,null,The one thing I was good at is now gone .
51,null,null,I do not have any other talents or interest .
52,null,null,I feel empty without soccer
53,null,null,and I do not know how to feel it .
54,null,null,TL
55,null,null,; DR :
56,null,null,I have played soccer my whole life ,
57,null,null,got a back injury two years ago
58,null,null,and I still have not healed .
59,null,null,Doctors say its nothing )
60,null,null,As a result , I am very sad
61,null,null,but I keep it to myself .
62,null,null,I am not good at anything else .
443 37
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,ok , so today i had another freak out .
2,null,null,I woke up feeling good ..
3,null,null,it was supposed to be my first therapy session ( which i and my boyfriend were happy about ) and then after this i was supposed to meet up with my boyfriend for lunch .
4,null,null,, check my test marks , and then go to the library with my boyfriend to study
5,null,null,These plans changed ..
6,null,null,When i walked into the therapy office , they said no appointment was scheduled .
7,null,null,All of a sudden i felt really rejected , not worthy of an appointment
8,null,null,( like they gave it to someone else ) ,
9,null,null,anxious , sick to my stomach ,
10,null,null,a little dizzy .
11,null,null,I have been waiting since February for this appointment !
12,null,null,I could not deal with my anger properly or .
13,null,null,the fact that my plans for therapy were ruined today
14,null,null,I started stuttering kind of i kind of got all dazed out and really sick when the receptionist wanted to schedule another appointment .
15,null,null,So , it is tomorrow at 9 am .. 9 am ! !
16,null,null,What bastards .
17,null,null,Anyway , so because i got all weird ..
18,null,null,i did not want to be around people .
19,null,null,I called my boyfriend .. could not get a hold of him .
20,null,null,I cancelled .. did not check my marks , did not go to the library , or lunch or see my boyfriend .
21,null,null,I left .
22,null,null,I told my boyfriend
23,null,null,i had bad anxiety .
24,null,null,So , now he wants a " break . "
25,null,null,And I have been in my room since i got home ( since about 1 pm ) ..
26,null,null,feeling really low and weird and lightheaded ..
27,null,null,I have been rocking a lot too on my rocking chair ..
28,null,null,it is a weird compulsive soothing mechanism i have .
29,null,null,Do not ask .
30,null,null,I am mad at my boyfriend because he decided to take a break when i needed him most .
31,null,null,Is this cold or ? !
32,null,null,what
33,null,null,At the same time i understand : he wants his " brain clear " for exam studying .
34,null,null,Whatever .
35,null,null,I guess it is hard being with a depressed , neurotic girl .
36,null,null,No one wants to be with a depressed girl .
37,null,null,Let is not kid ourselves here .
444 46
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,This is how I feel
2,null,null,and I have a slight sense I am the only one to think think this way .
3,null,null,I am depressed ?
4,null,null,Help wanted I yearn for the days I was in high school .
5,null,null,I felt as if I was always happy and never worried about anything .
6,null,null,I am 22 , just having graduated from University .
7,null,null,It seems each day I am becoming a person who does not want to have a relationship with anyone other then my family .
8,null,null,I want to be alone .
9,null,null,Happiness to me is being sheltered by reality -- alone with my thoughts .
10,null,null,I deleted every single bit of social media I had about a year ago ( SC , FB , Insta , Twitter , etc ) in an attempt to become as alone as possible .
11,null,null,I truly deep down wish I was never born , but
12,null,null,I would never ever commit suicide .
13,null,null,I wish more then anything else that I can just disappear and leave this world .
14,null,null,I am studying for the MCAT currently .
15,null,null,I do not have any problem doing so because of my extremely addictive personality , but
16,null,null,I find that I enjoy things that take my mind off of reality .
17,null,null,Studying ,
18,null,null,reading ,
19,null,null,listening to music or going for a drives are my favorite ways to achieve this .
20,null,null,But the reality I see is that this world is shit .
21,null,null,I believe that as a whole , humans are riddled with greed and selfishness that are the motivations behind MOST of everything in this world .
22,null,null,And by humans , that obviously includes myself and
23,null,null,I hate myself down to the core for the selfish things I have done .
24,null,null,Maybe I am too cynical or something .
25,null,null,But this bad world syndrome fucks my brain and idk .
26,null,null,I REEALLY question every aspect of life
27,null,null,and I can not help it .
28,null,null,Each time I am left with questions that completely make me hate the way this world is .
29,null,null,I guess I can give one example .
30,null,null,The most recent self - philosophical argument I had is the idea of wars , with murdering others specifically .
31,null,null,We praise those who fight for our country , yet
32,null,null,at the same time a great deal of these same people are super religious .
33,null,null,Do people not evaluate the reality they are in ?
34,null,null,Do they not question why they believe the things they do ?
35,null,null,Am I the only one ?
36,null,null,Does someone is act of ending another life provide justification for doing the same ?
37,null,null,Who is to even say so ?
38,null,null,If they would kill all of us if we did not kill them , then what makes our lives worth more ?
39,null,null,That is just one example , but
40,null,null,then I look at areas like American healthcare or the fact my family and others are wealthy while there are people fucking dying because they can not get water or food .
41,null,null,Even the American political system with the deep state and shit .
42,null,null,Why are we even on this damn earth ?
43,null,null,Seriously , what is the point of everything in life ?
44,null,null,I simply do not view the joys of life being worth living for .
45,null,null,I just do not understand .
46,null,null,This whole text here is just me rambling my thoughts in hopes that someone somewhere reading this could maybe help me .
445 12
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I know you should not need someone else to complete you
2,null,null,but .. I feel so alone and empty
3,null,null,and the few times I have ever felt truly happy
4,null,null,is when I am with a guy , whether he is using me or not .
5,null,null,Idk it is led to me getting my heartbroken
6,null,null,a bunch
7,null,null,, I let so many guys use me too
8,null,null,but I guess in a weird way I was also using them ?
9,null,null,I was never really in love with any of them except for 1 and .
10,null,null,was mostly in it because I loved the idea of a relationship
11,null,null,I do not like being alone
12,null,null,and I fear I will never find someone I truly love and who loves me , leading to me living my life full of sadness and regret
446 70
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,As you live life and .
2,null,null,learn new things you grow more mature
3,null,null,Life is not about growing up and making plans for tomorrow , it is about enjoying every moment as you are living .
4,null,null,Happiness is the most important thing and
5,null,null,people have forgotten that .
6,null,null,The world is full of so many interesting things that all cost money and
7,null,null,we believe having a lot of something is the key to happiness .
8,null,null,And since money is the thing that buys us the things we want
9,null,null,we sort of become obsessed with getting as much of it as we can .
10,null,null,In my mom and my situation we have tasted what money can buy us
11,null,null,and we do not want to go back to the way things used to be .
12,null,null,But the thing is we were both happy then and now we are not .
13,null,null,I have learned money can not buy happiness .
14,null,null,My dad and Julie do not have much money and
15,null,null,they are happy .
16,null,null,There is something we can all say we regret from our lives .
17,null,null,I regret regretting .
18,null,null,Everyday I have lived has come to this moment and even after all the things that have gone wrong recently , I can pretty much say I am happy with
19,null,null,they way
20,null,null,my life has turned out .
21,null,null,I am happy with who I am behind my mask .
22,null,null,I am happy with what I know
23,null,null,and what I want to know .
24,null,null,Lately I have been wanting to die .
25,null,null,Actually no , I wanted to want to die .
26,null,null,Depression is all about seeing those bad moments and ignoring the good times in your life .
27,null,null,When you are depressed the only thing that matters are the bad times .
28,null,null,I do not think I was stupid for wanting to want to die .
29,null,null,When something goes wrong you tend to act out of spite as soon as it happens because you are so overwhelmed with the moment .
30,null,null,Most people do this - it does not mean we are stupid
31,null,null,it just means we got carried away
32,null,null,and we sometimes do things without thinking .
33,null,null,Now I am starting to realize that the break up with Scott
34,null,null,was a good thing .
35,null,null,We were forcing something that was not making either of us happy .
36,null,null,Of course I did not think about either him or me and our happiness
37,null,null,I just wanted to keep us together for as long as possible .
38,null,null,Besides I have too many other things going on in my life right now that I need to work on and
39,null,null,if we were still together I would have ignored these things .
40,null,null,I do not want to become one of those people who throw their entire lives in their online journal
41,null,null,so I will not go into everything that is going on with me .
42,null,null,If you are my friend you know .
43,null,null,I am through acting like someone else in order to please people .
44,null,null,This is my life
45,null,null,and I am the one living it .
46,null,null,Other people will not be around my whole life
47,null,null,but I will
48,null,null,so therefore I am putting myself and my happiness first .
49,null,null,No more staying in one place because I am afraid of change .
50,null,null,I want to experience as much as I can because to me
51,null,null,that is what life is all about .
52,null,null,No more dwelling on the past it can not be changed - move onto today that is were
53,null,null,things are happening and
54,null,null,decisions need to be made .
55,null,null,I do not want to slip off the road by looking the wrong way like I did on my driving test
56,null,null,which by the way I failed .
57,null,null,But that is ok
58,null,null,, there is always next Thursday .
59,null,null,OK enough with the things I have already learned and experienced .
60,null,null,Onto new things , new places , and new people .
61,null,null,I am tired of feeling sorry for myself and wanting to be someone else .
62,null,null,I am going to be me again and do what makes me happy .
63,null,null,I am going to take advantage of the help I am getting
64,null,null,and I am going to help myself get better and not depend on others to save me .
65,null,null,And I am also sorry to Scott , one of the reasons why I was so dependent on you
66,null,null,was because you helped me
67,null,null,and I thought you could save me entirely and make all the bad things go away .
68,null,null,I now realize I am the only one who can do that .
69,null,null,I am sorry I turned you into my therapist .
70,null,null,I am through with the break inside my hole , time to climb out .
447 14
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Now , I know we are all on the same bus , but
2,null,null,I am an engineer who works with nerds all day .
3,null,null,These people are social misfits ( not like I am not ! ! )
4,null,null,but I can sit in my hamster cage all day and
5,null,null,one will talk to me .
6,null,null,They really do not talk to each other unless it is either work - related or they are talking about themselves .
7,null,null,It is like working with robots , and
8,null,null,they are good at it !
9,null,null,I am really thinking I hate geeks
10,null,null,but I am one as well but .
11,null,null,who knows where that takes me
12,null,null,Can anyone tell me how this is a healthy atmosphere for any of us ?
13,null,null,Is it common ?
14,null,null,If I leave and get another geek job , will it likely be the same ?
448 8
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Who even cares anymore
2,null,null,I have just learned to accept my thought and
3,null,null,I realise things are not gon na get better .
4,null,null,I have the same cycle
5,null,null,every day just play video games mourn for death
6,null,null,wish I had weed and listen to sad songs till the morning life has just become such a boring shit show .
7,null,null,Even talking to random people has me fucked up
8,null,null,cause i fuck things up tell me guys what is the point of even living anymore
449 13
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I feel like I am dead already .
2,null,null,Nothing gives me joy anymore , but
3,null,null,I am perfectly able to feel every negative emotion that is there .
4,null,null,I feel like I am wasting everyone is time .
5,null,null,Basically it does not matter whether I am around or not because I do not get anything out of it .
6,null,null,I can not enjoy shit anymore .
7,null,null,I do not wanna exist anymore .
8,null,null,I feel like dying .
9,null,null,would be the best solution for everyone
10,null,null,but last night , for the first time , I felt like I could end it myself .
11,null,null,it was enough , my emotions pushed me to the thought of actually doing it .
12,null,null,I am not afraid , I am kind of glad that maybe there will be an end to all of this , maybe I can overcome my extreme guilt and .
13,null,null,end it myself one day
450 3
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I feel like nothing matters I made a post here almost a week ago ( it got ignored , big fucking surprise , i was born to be ignored after all )
2,null,null,I still feel like garbage
3,null,null,I just do nt know what t od o heres the fucking post if you wanna read it
451 26
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am 23 years old .
2,null,null,After a long time of finally trying to get my life on track , I finally had it all together .
3,null,null,I found the person I was meant to be with for the rest of my life and everything was so wonderful .
4,null,null,I have never been so happy .
5,null,null,I had known this guy for two and a half years and
6,null,null,we always liked each other .
7,null,null,Obstacles kept coming up that prevented us from being together ; one being that I live in Kentucky
8,null,null,and he lives in Texas .
9,null,null,After I broke up with my ex in December , we finally got together .
10,null,null,He was going to move here in June
11,null,null,and it was going to be perfect .
12,null,null,Then a few days ago he got into a horrible car crash and .
13,null,null,lost his memory
14,null,null,He still remembers me but
15,null,null,he remembers me as a friend .
16,null,null,He does not remember me the way we were .. in love .
17,null,null,Now whenever I talk to him ..
18,null,null,he will not tell me that he loves me back and he acts like I make him uncomfortable .
19,null,null,When I tell him about the way things used to be , he does not seem to care .
20,null,null,I do not he can not remember
21,null,null,but it is so devastating for me .
22,null,null,I am terrified that he will not remember how much he loved me and that he will find someone else down there .
23,null,null,I am finding it extremely hard to cope and .
24,null,null,almost feel like I can not function
25,null,null,I do not know what to say / do anymore .
26,null,null,Any advice / thoughts would be so appreciated !
452 7
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,The answer is never in the bottom of a glass of bourbon .. and
2,null,null,yet here I am again , looking for it .
3,null,null,I am not sure how long I can keep doing this for .
4,null,null,Not the drink , the whole thing .
5,null,null,I wish I could cry really hard .
6,null,null,I feel like that would help
7,null,null,but it never comes .
453 22
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am quitting my job .
2,null,null,I have been working at a department store for about 5 months yet , and
3,null,null,I just can not do it anymore .
4,null,null,There is too much to know
5,null,null,and I just can not keep up .
6,null,null,People who have been there 3 weeks are telling me how to do things .
7,null,null,I sat down with my manager this morning and .
8,null,null,explained it all
9,null,null,The crying in the bathroom , .
10,null,null,the calling in sick because I am too scared to go in , everything
11,null,null,She was really nice about it , and
12,null,null,I decided to put in my notice .
13,null,null,It feels like a failure , but
14,null,null,I gave it my best try , and it is not working out .
15,null,null,I feel relieved that I only have 2 more weeks .
16,null,null,I do not have another job lined up yet
17,null,null,but I had to get out .
18,null,null,I know that is not a good choice , but
19,null,null,the anxiety is so intense there .
20,null,null,I feel like a bit of a failure .
21,null,null,A blind labradoodle could do this job haha .
22,null,null,Ah well , can not win em all , right ?
454 13
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Just wondering , for those who have had lifelong depression
2,null,null,did you ever find some joy that was not turned to a sad story ?
3,null,null,I am starting to feel that depression never goes away
4,null,null,, you just learn to manage it .
5,null,null,I however , can not recall a time in my life where I was happy .
6,null,null,I do not even congratulate myself when I do accomplish something .
7,null,null,I do not allow others to either , because it does not mean much to get praised for things I should have accomplished a long time ago .
8,null,null,Anyways , I am on meds and truth
9,null,null,is , I do not feel like myself ?
10,null,null,I do not think any drug can make me feel myself ?
11,null,null,Depression in some wicked way has made me become the person I am today .
12,null,null,A lot of my coping skills and defense mechanisms are still present and
13,null,null,that makes a lot of who I am .
455 25
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I have been recently released from the hospital after a failed suicide attempt .
2,null,null,I am trying to learn how to cope with things
3,null,null,and I recently found out that my wife has disclosed the fact that I attempted suicide to many people ( about 8) that I really do not know , nor do I feel comfortable with them knowing .
4,null,null,As a matter of fact , I am very upset about this .
5,null,null,For a little background my wife and i have not had the best relationship for the past 2 - 3 years .
6,null,null,about 18 months ago we moved back to her hometown after I lost my job
7,null,null,and she could advance in her career where we are now .
8,null,null,I really do not have any friends down here and .
9,null,null,have lost contact with my old friends
10,null,null,I have told 3 people that I attempted suicide (
11,null,null,mom , dad , brother )
12,null,null,and i knew that her family knew ( mom , dad , 2 sisters )
13,null,null,Now my wife tells me that she needed to deal with what I have done and
14,null,null,she has told many of her coworkers .
15,null,null,She could not talk about this with her family or with her high school friends ( which are still in the area , and
16,null,null,I have known about 8 years ) .
17,null,null,She had to tell people that she knows I do not know very well , and of what I do know , I do not like very much .
18,null,null,Now my wife wants me to do more things with her coworkers
19,null,null,and I feel very uncomfortable around them .
20,null,null,Am I being too sensitive about this ?
21,null,null,Not realizing my wife is needs ?
22,null,null,Or am I justified in my being upset ?
23,null,null,I will not be able to come back to this board until Monday ( tomorrow )
24,null,null,evening
25,null,null,so I can not post any replies until then .
456 42
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Is it stress , depression or burn out ?
2,null,null,Hey , I am a diabetic 1 with Autism .
3,null,null,For the past 3 years i have felt constant fatigue , no motivation , sleep issues , stomach problems , bad memory and concentration issues .
4,null,null,I took antidepressants Cymbalta 60 mg before this during 8 months for major stress and
5,null,null,it helped me with almost no side effects .
6,null,null,But after i quit antidepressants Cymbalta 60 mg , the fatigue , no motivation , sleep issues , stomach problems and concentration issues has been persistent in my life .
7,null,null,Now for 3 years .
8,null,null,No matter how much rest i get i feel tired .
9,null,null,Even if excercise , eat healthy , .
10,null,null,do yoga and meditation
11,null,null,My blood sugar levels has been up and down lately .
12,null,null,But even if they are controlled i feel the same .
13,null,null,A cause could be that i have worked on a lot of projects during the past 3 years .
14,null,null,It went as far as that i started to get suicide thoughts .
15,null,null,I do not feel any ups or downs in my life .
16,null,null,Things i used to like to do isles enjoyable .
17,null,null,I rather stay at home than being social .
18,null,null,I believe i have major depression
19,null,null,and i have visited psychologist and psychiatrist who have advised me to take antidepressants .
20,null,null,But the question is if I am stressed , have major depression or simply burnt out .
21,null,null,I certainly feel that i have a huge major depression .
22,null,null,My OCD thought are back and
23,null,null,i have been stuck on testing my blood sugar 10 - 15 times per day during the past year .
24,null,null,Which also could bring my stress levels up .
25,null,null,The past year has been very stressful for me work wise .
26,null,null,But even if i get a weekend of rest
27,null,null,i do not feel rested .
28,null,null,I have been to different psychiatrists and psychologist and
29,null,null,the conclusion is either major depression or burn out .
30,null,null,I barely have the energy to clean my apartment anymore , .
31,null,null,wash my clothes or think about my hygiene
32,null,null,I feel tearful occasionally on some days .
33,null,null,I have thought about taking antidepressants again , particularly Cymbalta since it worked for me the first time .
34,null,null,But i have been afraid of taking them .
35,null,null,Instead my psychiatrist described me brintellix ( Vortioxetine ) , 10 mg per day for my depression .
36,null,null,But the question is , i am
37,null,null,i stressed , ?
38,null,null,depressed or burnt out
39,null,null,Anyone have been in a similar case ?
40,null,null,Any experiences of the antidepressants brintellix ( Vortioxetine ) for major depression ?
41,null,null,I am so afraid of starting to take them , but
42,null,null,i do not want to feel this way of every morning waking up with no motivation for anything that the day brings me .
457 14
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,stupid poetry Cast down , .
2,null,null,cast down
3,null,null,Walk straight but with a frown .
4,null,null,Do not ever think twice about it , Make them laugh , you are a clown .
5,null,null,Cast down , cast down .
6,null,null,You are not worth a thorned crown .
7,null,null,Do not tie a noose but .
8,null,null,tie your leg , Jump the pitch , dive deep and drown
9,null,null,Cast down , cast down .
10,null,null,Annoy them till it is a ghost town .
11,null,null,You will drive everyone away , you know ?
12,null,null,And then be surprised when no one is around .
13,null,null,Cast down , cast down .
14,null,null,Watch the seconds , it is a countdown , Until you crack and have a breakdown , Because everything makes up a meltdown , And your emotions shutdown , And you will sit there , And know , That you are , A letdown .
458 5
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I skip so many songs i used to love .
2,null,null,All they do now is remind me of my friends who have passed away .
3,null,null,Family who are gone .
4,null,null,My life evolving into something i hate .
5,null,null,Music used to be an escape , now it leads my mind and emotions into a trap .
459 7
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I started hurting myself tonight ..
2,null,null,I have never done it before , but
3,null,null,I just can not deal with the mental pain anymore .
4,null,null,I am trying to distract myself with physical pain .
5,null,null,It is weird how it makes you think about that rather than how shitty things are ..
6,null,null,I guess it is temporary relief , but
7,null,null,it helps .
460 24
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Hello again everyone , my real name is Mike .
2,null,null,I found this site a couple weeks ago but .
3,null,null,have been pretty busy with the holidays and a new job
4,null,null,So I thought I would post a bit more about myself .
5,null,null,This is not easy since I am not that good at talking about myself but here goes .
6,null,null,I am 35 years old and .
7,null,null,have been depressed as long as I can remember
8,null,null,When I was 12 or 13 years old I remember sitting in my closet in my room with the doors .
9,null,null,shut writing a suicide note
10,null,null,After talking to a friend of mine about 7 years ago who started going to a therapist and taking Prozac , I decided to go get help .
11,null,null,I did not even know to call it depression until I started talking to him .
12,null,null,I was diagnosed with Dysthymic Disorder and
13,null,null,have been on and off a couple different kinds of medicines , one of which was Effexor and the other one I can not remember the name
14,null,null,but it started with and
15,null,null,S. I have a bad habit of remembering every bad thing that has ever happened to me and continually go over and over it in my head .
16,null,null,I will bring up something with my brother or sister and
17,null,null,they say " I can not believe you remember that " and yet sometimes I am lucky I remember my own name .
18,null,null,I just started a new job recently and .
19,null,null,will not have insurance until the end of January
20,null,null,I am seriously considering going back to a therapist and possibly getting on medicines again .
21,null,null,I am tired of carrying around this baggage and .
22,null,null,want to do something about it
23,null,null,There are so many things I want to do with my life and seem held back by my depression .
24,null,null,I found this site one night after feeling really depressed over something that I can not even remember now in the hope talking to people who knew how I felt and what I was going through .
461 12
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,please share with me what you do to feel less depressed
2,null,null,hello , i wanted to talk to somebody else that the people i know in real life , i have really good friends , and
3,null,null,most of my family supports me
4,null,null,but i do nt have the courage to talk to them about how i feel
5,null,null,, i know they have their own problems they have to deal with
6,null,null,and i do nt want to put any more pressure than they already have
7,null,null,, i ve been struggling with this since i was about 10 or 11 , i had alot of stress in my life
8,null,null,since i work since i was little , i have never had a relationship with someone
9,null,null,and i m pretty touch starved , but
10,null,null,i just want somebody to talk to , because everyday is getting worse , every day i wake up and do nt know why should i keep living , keep trying to get my shit together , why do i matter as a person why even keep giving hopes to the people around me , because i am always there when they need me , but i am too ashamed to ask them for help because in my head if i do so
11,null,null,i feel like they would see me diferently and not respect me anymore
12,null,null,, i just want somebody that i ca nt talk to at peace , just talk , please
462 23
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Just the idea of life makes me depressed .
2,null,null,Why do I even try ?
3,null,null,I really do nt know .
4,null,null,I have a job I hate , with a shit boss that blames me for every little thing , only to make money so I can buy the things I like
5,null,null,so I keep on ' ' living ' ' .
6,null,null,I know i m not gon na get anything better , I suck at everything I like to do
7,null,null,so I ca nt have really get a job about my passion .
8,null,null,Never had a relationship and .
9,null,null,probably never will
10,null,null,I ve never even met anyone who had a ' ' crush ' ' on me or
11,null,null,anything
12,null,null,and I do nt look bad .
13,null,null,Something pretty bad got blamed on me again at work and
14,null,null,my boss is coming back from her vacation tomorow .
15,null,null,I really do nt want to get scolded and start crying in front of customers .
16,null,null,I m the nicest person there
17,null,null,and I only made 2 or 3 mistakes since i ve been there
18,null,null,but for some reason she still seems to hate me .
19,null,null,I just have nothing that makes me want to keep living except maybe my love for video games .
20,null,null,If I get yelled at again , I do nt know what ill do .
21,null,null,I just hate living in general , if you can even call it ' ' living ' ' , more like slaving your life away to me !
22,null,null,Anyway I am just venting here , if you want to share your feelings you are welcome
23,null,null,, I will read them when I can .
463 85
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,NOTES FOR A SUCCESSFUL EFFEXOR WITHDRAWAL
2,null,null,After doing research on this board and others , I prepared the following withdrawal regime and .
3,null,null,carried it out , making slight adjustments as I went along
4,null,null,It worked for me , although the withdrawal was not easy .
5,null,null,I share it with you all in gratitude for all your advice and sharing over these past months .
6,null,null,I hope it will be a help for you preparing to come off Effexor 1 .
7,null,null,MY SITUATION : a. Length of Time of Effexor : 5.5 years b. Dosage : 150 mg XR c. Reason for Effexor : TMJ , myofascia and migraines due to a displaced jaw disc , lock jaw and stress .
8,null,null,d.
9,null,null,Other medications : Flexeril ( periodically over the years but not in past year when things are " bad " ) ; Trazodone , for sleep ; vitamins and herbs as needed .
10,null,null,e. Status : Age : 43 , Height 5'-10 " ; Weight : 160 .
11,null,null,Married , no kids , work from home .
12,null,null,f. Reasons to Come Off :
13,null,null,Generally feeling better with the help of physiotherapist ; life situation has become low - stress and stabile ( secure job , good marriage , work from home ) ; and .
14,null,null,side effects of Effexor becoming irritating , especially the emotional distance from my own thoughts / emotions ;
15,null,null,simply feel that I can not be on this drug for the rest of my life
16,null,null,2 .
17,null,null,MY
18,null,null,WITHDRAWAL REGIME Procedure :
19,null,null,Drop my dosage by 18.75 mg ( XR ) every two weeks .
20,null,null,4 months total time to get to zero .
21,null,null,Divided 37 mg pills into two parts to equal 18.75 , depositing each part in new empty vegetable gel caps ( available at health food store ) .
22,null,null,In general : a. No caffeine -- not even decaffeinated coffee .
23,null,null,b.
24,null,null,No alcohol .
25,null,null,c. Exercise every day ( heartbeat up for 20 minutes or more ) .
26,null,null,d. Steam
27,null,null,Room / Sauna / Hot bath or every day .
28,null,null,long hot shower
29,null,null,e. 40
30,null,null,- 50 hour work weeks
31,null,null,, nights / weekends off for " down time " .
32,null,null,Daily :
33,null,null,a. Vitamins ( one dosage each in the morning and night ) :
34,null,null,B Complex ( 50 mg ) ; C ( 100 mg ) ; E ( 400 iu ) ; Omega ( 200 mg ) ; Glucosamine Sulfate ; 8 glasses of water .
35,null,null,b. Continued with my Trazodone medication for sleep during entire tapering process , .
36,null,null,took no Flexeril
37,null,null,Experience during each tapering of 18.75 mg :
38,null,null,First 24 hours : no side effects .
39,null,null,48 hours : very bad day : grumpy , anger , rage ( for someone relatively sweet natured ) ; nausea , dizzy , balance problems , headache ; when moving head too quickly would become nauseous ;
40,null,null,body pains , disrupted sleep with periodic nightmares .
41,null,null,The main thing is to be as far from other people as possible since any conversation would rub me the wrong way .
42,null,null,Asked wife to take nothing I say personally , agree with whatever I say , or .
43,null,null,simply " get out of my way "
44,null,null,Eventually we found sending her away for the day shopping or whatever to be the best .
45,null,null,On these days I would plan to do a lot of non - thinking busy work around the house : fix things , garden , etc .
46,null,null,Spent extra time at gym and in steam room .
47,null,null,72 hours : very low energy , dopey , foggy ,
48,null,null,wanting to stay in bed , body pains .
49,null,null,My energy would then slowly gain over the next few days .
50,null,null,Some of the above side effects would appear briefly without warning between drops in dosage ( anger , bad nights sleep , sluggish ) .
51,null,null,Once at zero mg .
52,null,null,:
53,null,null,Symptoms : All of the above , but slightly increased in all areas .
54,null,null,Acute allergy symptoms -- sneezing , headache , stuffed up from morning to night -- aches and pains .
55,null,null,I took Benadryl during this time which helped a lot .
56,null,null,Detox Period : Now I had to remove the toxins from Effexor from my body .
57,null,null,Regime :
58,null,null,a. Steam Room / Sauna / Hot bath or twice every day -- with cold shower breaks in between heat sessions to mimic the aspects of fever .
59,null,null,long hot shower
60,null,null,b. cleanser :
61,null,null,Triphila and Psyllium husk powder twice a day c. Dry brush my skin ( the skin holds a 1/3 of the body is toxins )
62,null,null,d. 5 day juice fast , with 2 days before and after of raw vegetables / fruits only .
63,null,null,Stopped all medications , vitamins , benadryl , colon cleanser , everything during this juice fast .
64,null,null,I scheduled the fast approximately 2 weeks after stopping Effexor .
65,null,null,e. Exercise regime every day .
66,null,null,3 .
67,null,null,AM I NOW IN THE CLEAR ?
68,null,null,Here I am 4 weeks after the end of Effexor ( and Trazadone -- which I replaced with melatonin ) .
69,null,null,I continue to take vitamins and .
70,null,null,will do so for quite a while
71,null,null,So .. How am I feeling ?
72,null,null,- I do not have words to describe how wonderful it is to have my feelings , emotions and mind back , where I feel that my moods are my own and not manufactured by Effexor .
73,null,null,- Allergies continue to haunt me daily , but
74,null,null,each day it gets a bit better , and I take less benadryl .
75,null,null,-
76,null,null,No need to remember pill times is wonderful , less dry mouth .
77,null,null,- Still a bit " low energy " , but
78,null,null,it gets better each day .
79,null,null,- Mood is upbeat , feeling hopeful and looking forward to clear windshields everyday !
80,null,null,I hope this help those of you out there planning to come off this drug .
81,null,null,I am grateful for Effexor for all it has done to help me over the years .
82,null,null,I wished they warned me about the withdrawal .
83,null,null,I am grateful for all your suggestions and comments that helped me research and put this regime into place .
84,null,null,It worked for me
85,null,null,and I probably would not change a thing if I were to do it again .
464 15
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am the funny guy .
2,null,null,When I am near people I love ( anybody that shows a moderate amount of affection towards me )
3,null,null,I always try to bring them up .
4,null,null,Life sucks for all of us .
5,null,null,I just want to make people happy .
6,null,null,I have always been pretty good at telling jokes , which is weird since I am super introverted and if I am not joking I am super quiet .
7,null,null,The problem is that no one knows when I am telling the truth .
8,null,null,I will try to come out to people .
9,null,null,I will try to tell them about my drug abuse .
10,null,null,I will try to tell them about who I am .
11,null,null,Nobody wants to listen .
12,null,null,Everyone assumes that the funny guy is just fine .
13,null,null,Nobody wants to have a genuine conversation because sometimes I am a real fucking downer .
14,null,null,So yeah .
15,null,null,There is my rant .
465 14
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,If you do not want periods ( or PMS ) at all there is the 3 monthly injection - Depo - provera - in the UK .
2,null,null,It does not work the same for everyone ( like all medicines ) but
3,null,null,for me it stopped all periods and kept my depression down to such a level that I could function " normally " .
4,null,null,I stopped having the 1 week mood swings , 1 week misery , 1 week mood swings , 1 week ok cycle .
5,null,null,If that is not an option for you there is a herb supplement that I tried called Agnus Castus .
6,null,null,It seems to have beneficial effects for most
7,null,null," women is problems " from aching breasts to full blown menopause .
8,null,null,And it can have the side effect of weight loss ( not a bad thing for me )
9,null,null,I was on it for ten years at a time and !
10,null,null,got to the stage where when I came off it and had a period again I had completely forgotten they were really what like
11,null,null,And things have wings now .
12,null,null,The PMS did not cause my depression
13,null,null,but it certainly did not help it .
14,null,null,Hope this is helpful
466 43
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am always wrong ..
2,null,null,I got married with a wrong man .
3,null,null,I have been married for 5 years .
4,null,null,I have a baby who is still a month .
5,null,null,I realized that i chose the wrong person as husband .
6,null,null,He ruined my life .
7,null,null,He ruined my inside .
8,null,null,He cheats on me while i was pregnant .
9,null,null,But he does not think he did bad things to me .
10,null,null,When i said something , he always says that I am stupid or crazy .
11,null,null,He thinks he is right .
12,null,null,Since last year , we moved to his country and .
13,null,null,living with his mother and sister
14,null,null,Because he works there .
15,null,null,His family are nice to me .
16,null,null,But my husband does not come back every day ..
17,null,null,I have a baby
18,null,null,but he does not support me .
19,null,null,I have not realized he is such a bad man ..
20,null,null,He has hidden so many things from me ..
21,null,null,So i thought he is a good husband .
22,null,null,But he brought financial issues .
23,null,null,And i have helped it .
24,null,null,But he forgot that .. I want to leave him
25,null,null,but i do not have money
26,null,null,and i have a baby ..
27,null,null,And I am in different country ..
28,null,null,No one is by my side .
29,null,null,I cut myself almost every day .
30,null,null,I have stopped it since i was 20 .
31,null,null,But situations make me do that .
32,null,null,I would never wear short sleeve again .
33,null,null,Too much scars .
34,null,null,But i do not regret to cut myself .
35,null,null,Because that is the only way to make me live .
36,null,null,Maybe people say easy that i should get a divorce or just leave him or ask my family .
37,null,null,But that is not easy .
38,null,null,I have tried to end my life many times after i moved here .
39,null,null,But I am failed .
40,null,null,I hope one day i can be gone .
41,null,null,Life is so unfair .
42,null,null,I do not want to live this life anymore .
43,null,null,I want someone to kill me ..
467 64
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Feeling
2,null,null,Trapped Hello , I am 22 and .
3,null,null,had quite severe depression during the age of 17 - 18
4,null,null,My past 3 years of life from the ages 19 - 22 have actually been great and
5,null,null,I have had no problems .
6,null,null,I have had a girlfriend since the age of 20 whom I love .
7,null,null,I have worked a few different mundane jobs , and .
8,null,null,have been going to school for electrical engineering
9,null,null,I am entering my last year of undergraduate school in the ASU online program .
10,null,null,The reason my depression has returned is because I feel trapped , mainly due to my living situation .
11,null,null,I would consider my upbringing to be the low end of middle class , and
12,null,null,yes I realize there are people much worse off than I am .
13,null,null,I grew up in a family of 6 , 2 parents and 4 siblings including myself .
14,null,null,For the past 18 years we have lived in an 1800 sq .
15,null,null,ft . town house in California , right off of a busy street .
16,null,null,There are 2 rooms in the house .
17,null,null,The master bedroom is rather large , I would estimate about 2.5x as big as the other bedroom .
18,null,null,Up until a few months ago when my sister moved out , all 4 of us siblings were sharing the smaller room .
19,null,null,Now there are 3 of use sharing it , but .
20,null,null,still two bunk beds taking up the same space
21,null,null,There is absolutely no space , and
22,null,null,I am 6'3 " tall and do not really fit into my twin size bunk bed .
23,null,null,My mom has kept the large master bedroom for herself over the years , and .
24,null,null,has forced my father to sleep in the living room , despite the fact that he is the one who pays the bills
25,null,null,She is a selfish person .
26,null,null,My desk , which is where I try to study and work , and where I spend most of my time , is in the living room .
27,null,null,My dad is usually in the living room watching TV , and
28,null,null,there are lots of noise and distractions from other people and the kitchen etc .
29,null,null,which make it nearly impossible to study or just relax .
30,null,null,This did not really bother me much as a kid , but
31,null,null,now that I am 22 , it is getting worse and worse everyday .
32,null,null,Because I do online schooling ( which was not what I intended ) , I have little to no interaction with peers and
33,null,null,my schooling is basically sitting in front of my computer at home .
34,null,null,I feel completely trapped .
35,null,null,The bedroom I share is completely cramped , and
36,null,null,usually one of my other siblings is in it .
37,null,null,In the living room I am surrounded by distractions and other people , with absolutely no privacy .
38,null,null,It is hard to study or focus on anything .
39,null,null,I feel like I have no space to myself ,
40,null,null,like there is nowhere to go .
41,null,null,I often feel extremely anxious and depressed , and .
42,null,null,feel as though someone is cramming me into a box
43,null,null,This makes me just want to cease being conscious .
44,null,null,All I think about is how badly I need to move out .
45,null,null,Every night it is getting worse and worse , until I decided to come here tonight to post .
46,null,null,Due to school payments , and buying a car , it is not possible to move out with the mediocre job that I have .
47,null,null,There is still another year until I graduate school , and even then I do not know for certain if I will be able to get a job that will enable me to move out .
48,null,null,I will still have to pay off school loans after that .
49,null,null,The thought of staying here for another year , or even worse 2 - 3 years is completely unbearable .
50,null,null,My girlfriend and I have made plans to move out together eventually , but
51,null,null,that probably would not happen for another 2 years minimum .
52,null,null,This had made me extremely depressed and anxious the past 6 months .
53,null,null,Does anyone have any advice for what I should do ?
54,null,null,I have been considering spending more time at libraries during the day .
55,null,null,I have also been trying to spend a little more time outside and at the gym etc .
56,null,null,But if anyone else has been in a similar situation , please give me advice .
57,null,null,Note :
58,null,null,I know there are people who have it much worse .
59,null,null,Homeless , .
60,null,null,disabled , etc
61,null,null,I realize that
62,null,null,and that is the main thing that I try to think about when I feel depressed and anxious .
63,null,null,That I have it better than some people .
64,null,null,But this is just my personal situation I am trying to deal with .
468 21
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I have always felt different , i guess i am a little weird , loner gay , but
2,null,null,at the same time smart loving , people admire me and respect me .
3,null,null,i felt depression back in 96 .
4,null,null,tried different medications , until , effexor worked for me , then i felt good for several years .
5,null,null,now depression has come back again , and with much vengeance
6,null,null,it took my soul and mind , I am back with my partner after a short break up which i think caused the monster to come back , i lost motivation in life and
7,null,null,i called my ex to come back into my life since i was feeling suicidal
8,null,null,, he claims he loves and .
9,null,null,will be there for me , and he has been a great deal of support for me
10,null,null,i am taking cymbalta for 4 weeks now
11,null,null,but my doctor says it will take 2 more weeks until we decide which medication i should stay with .
12,null,null,in the meantime there are suicidal thoughts , running in my head as well as some of hope .
13,null,null,i would hate to miss out on my son .
14,null,null,is high school graduation , or my own graduation from the RN program
15,null,null,as a nurse i know that there is hope , but
16,null,null,no matter how much knowledge you have you will always feel lost and helpless when depression is in your body .
17,null,null,my message is that we should be patient and continue to do positive things because at the end , all this mess in our heads , will only seem like a period of time where we were sleeping or we blanked out , i am hurting so much
18,null,null,and i know there are many more hurting out there , but .
19,null,null,let is be kind to ourselves and give ourselves words of appreciation and affection , over and over , take care of yourselves and be PATIENT , just like i will be
20,null,null,God is there watching over us and .
21,null,null,will not let us perish , unless we want to
469 6
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I feel like I have not done a good enough job of enjoying my childhood .
2,null,null,As someone who recently turned 18 , I feel like I have started the next part of my life and given my childhood a finite end .
3,null,null,I wish I was not like that
4,null,null,but I just feel less and less connected to the kid I was as every day passes .
5,null,null,What is the worst is that I feel like I might have missed the best part of my life and wasted my one shot to enjoy it as much as I could .
6,null,null,Idk I really just want to hear from actual adults who have gone through something similar and know how to keep in touch with their child side .
470 50
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Fuck everything I have to swallow a lot of pride to let people know what a fucking mess my head is .
2,null,null,I am so fucking sick of everything
3,null,null,and i feel like a child
4,null,null,cause
5,null,null,I am here ranting and asking for help from a bunch of fucking children .
6,null,null,HOW ?
7,null,null,How do you live with the pit ?
8,null,null,The darkness ?
9,null,null,The fucking typhoons of hate and ?
10,null,null,hurt
11,null,null,I have lost both my brother and cousin to this ..
12,null,null,I am fucking 20
13,null,null,and i
14,null,null,yet I do not know how the fuck to cope with these demons inside my very soul
15,null,null,and they say it is home .
16,null,null,I do not want them to have a home in me .
17,null,null,I have picked my
18,null,null,was off the floor a hundred fucking times ..
19,null,null,I have had friends interupt my attempts and atm
20,null,null,I wish they handnt because that was before botb my cousin and my brother ended it .
21,null,null,Maybe if it had been me they would stay around the way i am because i can not do that to mom all over again .
22,null,null,I have fought so hard to get where I am but
23,null,null,what the fuck is the point
24,null,null,if when i fall I fall like this every damn time ?
25,null,null,Yes .. I will be happy one day ..
26,null,null,I know it gets better ..
27,null,null,but fuck does it get worse ..
28,null,null,how long till the monsters inside get too big ?
29,null,null,When does The ocean of toxicitisty that is my mind swell too deep and ?
30,null,null,become to tempestuous for me to swim
31,null,null,God
32,null,null,i feel like I am a fucking clown with a sad smile that people laugh at .
33,null,null,I try so hard to claw for life when i relapse like this
34,null,null,but what is the fucking point ?
35,null,null,It comes back and
36,null,null,right now I do not know if i can keep it out ..
37,null,null,I hate the way death calls ..
38,null,null,the way pain screams ..
39,null,null,the void becons ..
40,null,null,And they want me ..
41,null,null,And i hate it ..
42,null,null,why can not I be free of it ?
43,null,null,So much time ..
44,null,null,so many scars ..
45,null,null,so many attempts ..
46,null,null,what is the point ?
47,null,null,Edit :
48,null,null,I am less worked up after writing that .. sorry if this is not the place or I broke the rules or whatever ..
49,null,null,but really .. how ?
50,null,null,Why ?
471 26
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I feel like depression
2,null,null,has turned my brain into mush and now I can not be successful in anything
3,null,null,Last year I stopped being productive at work
4,null,null,and it is now seeping into the rest of my life .
5,null,null,I used to receive accolades for being great at my job .
6,null,null,I was even at the top in the nation at my job when they looked at my metrics and sales .
7,null,null,But now I am just sad all of the time
8,null,null,and I can not think straight .
9,null,null,Every morning I wake up
10,null,null,I start the day ready to take it on .
11,null,null,I tell myself I am going to be productive and make strides to complete goals .
12,null,null,But then I can not bring myself to do anything .
13,null,null,There are days where I can sit at my desk for hours just thinking about how I should be working on something .
14,null,null,But then when I try , it is like I can not think straight .
15,null,null,The things I used to be good at now do not really seem to make sense to me .
16,null,null,I feel like my brain is literally turning into mush .
17,null,null,I started seeing a therapist , I started taking anti depressants , I exercised for awhile
18,null,null,, I tried meditating , I feel like I am trying everting in my power to get me mind right .
19,null,null,But my brain is mush and
20,null,null,now I can not be successful in anything I do .
21,null,null,School is starting to slip and
22,null,null,my friends keep asking why they never see me .
23,null,null,My SO keeps telling me to take small steps
24,null,null,but that is what I have been doing for a year now .
25,null,null,It is not working .
26,null,null,I am stuck in a cycle of waned to be better and woe is me .
472 9
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I find myself searching suicide methods .
2,null,null,I can not seem to bring myself to actually end it .
3,null,null,Though I love fantasizing about killing myself , from sitting in my car with the garage closed to overdosing on heroin .
4,null,null,I hate my life
5,null,null,I am a failure I have not accomplished any goal of mine ever
6,null,null,, I have lost all of my friends , and
7,null,null,I spend all day everyday on my bed .
8,null,null,I want this shit to end
9,null,null,but I am to much of a bitch to kill myself or get off my ass and fix my life .
473 13
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Do you ever feel you are not cut out for society ?
2,null,null,I recently got a job working graveyard shift at a grocery store , it is not " hard " work per say it is just tedious as fuck .
3,null,null,Shifts are 8hrs long and
4,null,null,I am making minimum wage .
5,null,null,Most people would like to have my job
6,null,null,it is relatively simple and easy
7,null,null,but I feel like shit every time I come home from a shift .
8,null,null,Society " requires " us as citizens to go to work pretty much every day to pay for living expenses and food .
9,null,null,It is a fucking bitch
10,null,null,and I do not feel like I am cut out for it
11,null,null,, It is fucking hard for me
12,null,null,and I have absolutely no motivation to go to work everyday just to survive Sorry for the rant
13,null,null,have not taken my antidepressants today yet .
474 18
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,before i start i want to apologize to everyone for not offering much support recently .
2,null,null,For those of you not in a good place right now , i hope things start to ease for you soon .
3,null,null,Sending my love to you all
4,null,null,and i am thinking about everyone .
5,null,null,Lycan hope your hangover is well and truly gone and that you are ready for another week at work .
6,null,null,Well i went to the GP on thursday
7,null,null,and she was really lovely , really listened to what i had to say
8,null,null,and she wants me to go away and consider going on antidepressants , before i make a final decision .
9,null,null,While there she spotted a mole on my arm and
10,null,null,she looked through this little gadget .
11,null,null,She thinks its skin cancer ( Melanoma ) and .
12,null,null,has sent an urgent referral to the dermatologist
13,null,null,So i am now waiting on an appointment for a biopsy .
14,null,null,I am kind of upset about it
15,null,null,, i know they can probably get rid of it , but
16,null,null,it does not stop the panic attacks and anxiety .
17,null,null,So all in , I am not in a good place right now , but
18,null,null,hopefully things will start to get better soon .
475 28
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Post graduation depression is real .
2,null,null,It is been 5 months after graduating from college
3,null,null,and I have never been depressed more than ever .
4,null,null,Unemployed and .
5,null,null,feeling worthless
6,null,null,Parents are forcing me to get a job already , Peers landed their dream jobs / found a job that pays well and earning more money than me .
7,null,null,The feeling of being worthless is overwhelming .
8,null,null,Crushing .
9,null,null,While unemployed , I have finished a free short course on graphic design and .
10,null,null,got my certification after passing the assessment and currently doing one on web development
11,null,null,I want to learn more skills in order to land a good job .
12,null,null,But I do not think my parents would understand , as they want me to get a job already , any job ( Customer Service Representative jobs are a trend in our country which most of fresh graduates end up , I am not detesting that kind of job
13,null,null,but it ai not my thing ) .
14,null,null,I am depressed more than ever .
15,null,null,Fucking anxiety .
16,null,null,I have been avoiding my peers because I do not want them to see me unemployed and broke .
17,null,null,I am anxious because I do not think I am worth
18,null,null,it and anxiety had been a problem for years .
19,null,null,I am depressed because of the pressure my parents are giving me .
20,null,null,I am mad because nobody understands me .
21,null,null,I am sad because I do not have anybody .
22,null,null,I am afraid because I might end up a loser in the end .
23,null,null,I am a mess because of the all of the above .
24,null,null,( God .
25,null,null,I sound like a whiny bitch on my first post here on this subreddit . )
26,null,null,Anybody else feeling like me ?
27,null,null,What /
28,null,null,Should I do ?
476 6
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Do you ever ?
2,null,null,Do you ever sit there and .
3,null,null,go " what the fuck is wrong with me " because obviously something must be wrong with me for people to not want to talk to me
4,null,null,I know I am not the most emotionally upbeat person
5,null,null,but it is hard to hide how you feel all the time
6,null,null,and sometimes I just want to be able to tell someone .
477 14
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am losing myself HELP ME OUT To start of , i am such a loser that i flip out on people which include my own friends , siblings and parents , most of the time i am depressed because i do nt have anyone else to hangout with .
2,null,null,All i seek from this platform is all the help i need to be better .
3,null,null,Little bit of background of me , I live with my parents
4,null,null,and i hardly have any friends except 2 close ones .
5,null,null,I feel i am losing my only close friends because of my extreme behaviour such as getting into unnecessary fights , causing some sort of misunderstanding and blaming them for absolutely anything .
6,null,null,Sometimes i am too caring
7,null,null,and sometimes i am too rude .
8,null,null,I am struggling with addiction to porn because i have no other option to make me feel happy .
9,null,null,I have an on and off relationship with my parents and siblings because of my unpredictable behaviour .
10,null,null,I have lost interest in life .
11,null,null,I have lost myself .
12,null,null,Maybe soon lose whatever i have got left .
13,null,null,But i believe i could get better if i could get some help , maybe some of you could help me out with how to deal with the struggles i am facing .
14,null,null,Thanks .
478 14
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I began taking Lexapro 2 months ago and .
2,null,null,have fallen into a state of deeper depression
3,null,null,What was at one time characterized purely by chronic migraines has turned into anxiety , sleeping continuously , etc .
4,null,null,, all the classic depression symptoms .
5,null,null,The scary part is , I will just have a thought pop into my head like
6,null,null," I have all the pain killers in the house to kill myself right now .
7,null,null," Or , I thought , a bath sounds nice , then this sinister thought , " just slip under the water " .
8,null,null,My rational brain is saying I would absolutely never hurt myself , so why these thoughts ?
9,null,null,WHAT THE HECK ? ? !
10,null,null,My Doc is thinking it is a side effect of the the Lexapro and .
11,null,null,is taking me off of it
12,null,null,Have any of you had this experience with this or any other medication ?
13,null,null,What if this happened while I was driving a car with my kids ? ?
14,null,null,I truly feel psychotic ! !
479 30
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am not able to do breath meditation myself , so
2,null,null,I am a fine one to talk , but I have read that it works .
3,null,null,The thoughts will come , no matter what you do .
4,null,null,Supposedly the trick with breath mediation is that it gives you distance on the thoughts , .
5,null,null,helps you " stand back " from them a bit , and feel the accompanying emotions but not get as carried away by them
6,null,null,This reinforces your ability to know that they are just thoughts , and
7,null,null,they will go away if you do not act on them .
8,null,null,And supposedly either with breath meditation or without , there is an element of " fake it till you make it " at work here .
9,null,null,It is been shown that " acting out anger " as a therapeutic tool actually makes getting angry easier than letting go of it , because it maintains the neurological pathways that anger uses .
10,null,null,One meditation teacher calls it " rehearsing anger " .
11,null,null,So supposedly if you replace negative thoughts / feelings with positive ones , like caring for the part of you that is angry and hurt , then eventually your brain will reprogram itself to think and feel positive things .
12,null,null,Breath meditation has become a non - religious phenomenon in recent years , like yoga .
13,null,null,Three books that are just good reading anyway are " The Art of Happiness " by the psychiatrist Howard Cutler with the Dalai Lama , " Destructive Emotions
14,null,null,- How Can We Overcome Them ? " , by the psychologist Daniel Goleman with the Dalai Lama , and " Anger- Wisdom For Cooling The Flames " , by Thich Nhat Hanh , all of which discuss breath meditation as a simple practice for " mental hygiene " as opposed to a " religious practice " of any sort .
15,null,null,Supposedly the Dalai Lama was really surprised to hear that " self - loathing " is common in Western culture , because it was so uncommon in Tibet-
16,null,null,there was just no concept .
17,null,null,The point of all this is , with or without meditation , is that if you notice a negative thought or emotion when it arises , rather than struggle with it to try to put it out of your mind , you should just quietly label it as " negative thought " and .
18,null,null,let it go away , and/or replace it with a positive thought , like " caring for the wounded child within you "
19,null,null,( It is odd to notice that John Bradshaw , the " king " of " healing the wounded child " , and Thich Nhat Hanh , a Vietnamese Buddhist monk , say the same thing about this . )
20,null,null,But it is being said that there is a great similarity between Cognitive Behavioral Therapy and meditation practice , because meditation practice recognizes negative self - talk and replaces it with positive self - talk , and supposedly conditions the brain to react in positive ways .
21,null,null,In " Destructive Emotions " there is a part about brain imaging that shows that people who meditate are activating more positive parts of their brains .
22,null,null,And again , these books are just good reading anyway .
23,null,null,But like I say , easier said than done .
24,null,null,Supposedly it works for some people .
25,null,null,I can not do it , but
26,null,null,some people can .
27,null,null,Maybe you can .
28,null,null,If nothing else , all these works , including Bradshaw , are good reading and
29,null,null,you may be able to develop positive mental habits and replace the negative mental habits with them .
30,null,null,Both breath meditation and Cognitive Behavioral Therapy have been shown to be good adjuncts to recovery from depression , even if the depression itself is being treated with medication .
480 13
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I think about multiple ways of killing myself everyday
2,null,null,but I can not bring myself to do it .
3,null,null,I am so done feeling so so .
4,null,null,alone
5,null,null,I have friends who I can talk to , but
6,null,null,I feel like I am burdening them everytime .
7,null,null,I am pretty much done with my life .
8,null,null,my studies are going nowhere , and
9,null,null,I have no motivation in life .
10,null,null,I thought of running into the road , but
11,null,null,I would not want to be that selfish and traumatise some innocent driver .
12,null,null,I thought of throwing myself off the building , but
13,null,null,I would not want my family to be burdened with that gruesome image .
481 6
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Tried to kill myself last night took 60mgs Kpins and 30mgs Lunesta .
2,null,null,This is not a story about how grateful I am i am alive .
3,null,null,I am legitimately pissed
4,null,null,i am still here .
5,null,null,i do not have friends , i hate college , and my anxiety is so high I can not leave my house without feeling judged .
6,null,null,i just want a way out of this hell i am trapped in every day
482 18
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I get depressed , so I procrastinate , so .
2,null,null,I get more depressed , etc
3,null,null,I hate my job with a burning passion
4,null,null,but I can not bring myself to quit or do anything else .
5,null,null,My job is " prestigious " and high - paying so it is the only thing that makes me look successful to family and friends , which makes it the only tiny source of self - worth I have .
6,null,null,If I lost my job , everyone would know the useless , depressed piece of shit I really am .
7,null,null,I fucking despise my job though , so I can not bring myself to actually do the work .
8,null,null,I procrastinate for hours / days and .
9,null,null,only get anything done by pulling all - nighters right before deadlines
10,null,null,I could have an assignment for two weeks
11,null,null,and I will still do it from 2:00 am to 7:00 am the night before it is due .
12,null,null,The procrastination makes me even more depressed , anxious , stressed , etc . , which makes me even less interested in doing my work .
13,null,null,I know I would be less miserable if I got my shit together , but
14,null,null,I just can not make myself do it , and then I hate myself even more .
15,null,null,Vicious cycle continues .
16,null,null,I have tried every trick in the book to stop procrastinating but
17,null,null,nothing works .
18,null,null,Anyone else deal with this ?
483 40
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I feel so lost Hi .
2,null,null,I am 15 year old girl from India
3,null,null,and I have no idea what I am doing with my life .
4,null,null,Everybody is passionate about something right ?
5,null,null,I am not .
6,null,null,I do not ever remember the last time in my life I was genuinely excited about anything .
7,null,null,What makes everything worse is that in 1 month , I have to decide what I am going to do with my life .
8,null,null,Here in India , we do not get to pick our classes individually .
9,null,null,In junior and senior year , you pick what stream you want ( Commerce , Humanities , Medical or Engineering ) .
10,null,null,The first two bore the hell out of me .
11,null,null,I would like to do Medical
12,null,null,but I do not think I can study for another ~10 years after high school .
13,null,null,I am good at the Engineering subjects ( Physics , Chemistry and Math )
14,null,null,and I like CS
15,null,null,but I have never really enjoyed doing it .
16,null,null,Do not get me wrong , I am not bad at studying .
17,null,null,I am among the top kids at my school .
18,null,null,Everybody thinks I have my life figured out and somehow that just makes it worse .
19,null,null,I am fucking terrified of what the future holds .
20,null,null,I stay up whole nights crying just going over what is going to happen and trying to achieve some sort of clarity about what I am going to do .
21,null,null,I have tons of friends at school
22,null,null,but I have never connected with anyone .
23,null,null,There was this one guy
24,null,null,I was really good friends with and
25,null,null,had a crush on since 6th grade
26,null,null,but he changed schools last year
27,null,null,and we lost touch .
28,null,null,I have tried making actual new friends since then
29,null,null,but it is never clicked with anyone .
30,null,null,There are good days and bad days .
31,null,null,, the latter consisting of me drawing all the curtains in my room , turning off the lights , wrapping myself in my blanket and just laying there in the dark
32,null,null,It embarrasses me to admit that that is what I am doing right now .
33,null,null,I really want to go to college in the US just to experience something new for once but med
34,null,null,school is really expensive .
35,null,null,I just want to feel happy about something for once .
36,null,null,Why does nothing interest me anymore ?
37,null,null,I feel like a robot going through the same routine everyday .
38,null,null,Eat , .
39,null,null,study , sleep , repeat
40,null,null,I just want to be happy .
484 25
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am tired of it all .
2,null,null,The despair ..
3,null,null,The hopelessness ..
4,null,null,the thoughts / contemplation of suicide ..
5,null,null,*
6,null,null,*
7,null,null,I FUCKING HATE IT ! !
8,null,null,*
9,null,null,*
10,null,null,I do not wanna die , and
11,null,null,I do not want to have these damn thoughts of despair either !
12,null,null,What can I do ?
13,null,null,What can I do to break the shackles of this bullshit known as depression ? !
14,null,null,I mean , Suicide is bullshit ffs and
15,null,null,yet I keep coming back to it when I lose hope .
16,null,null,God fucking damnit .
17,null,null,I do not want this .
18,null,null,*
19,null,null,* ANY of this .
20,null,null,*
21,null,null,*
22,null,null,I do not want to die .
23,null,null,I do not want to be miserable
24,null,null,and I want to believe that everything and everyone will be alright .
25,null,null,But all this damn negativity .. Jesus .
485 16
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I just love sleeping Just getting in my covers and wrap myself in a blanket .
2,null,null,Everything is dark and
3,null,null,my body is resting .
4,null,null,I wish I could be there all my life .
5,null,null,I dream , sometimes , but
6,null,null,normally I do not dream .
7,null,null,And that is when I am the happiest .
8,null,null,I just feel like I am dead and have no problems .
9,null,null,Just the ritual of wrapping myself and then getting comfortable is the only thing to make me smile .
10,null,null,I then daydream , and
11,null,null,in that state where I am conscious but not enough to acknowledge my problems , I fall asleep .
12,null,null,But then there comes tomorrow , and
13,null,null,sometimes I wish I could have stayed awake all night to avoid waking up and facing reality , but
14,null,null,then I remember I love sleeping .
15,null,null,Sadly , it is another day
16,null,null,and I have to get out of bed .
486 21
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Do you ever feel like why bother we are all going to die anyhow and all we have accomplished and done will be forgotten ?
2,null,null,I enjoy art , but
3,null,null,I often think why bother .
4,null,null,I will die one day and
5,null,null,all my art work will be thrown away .
6,null,null,There is a lot I do enjoy
7,null,null,but none of it serves any purpose .
8,null,null,After you go on vacation for example you are just left with the memories , until you get old and forget it all .
9,null,null,Sure it was fun at the moment but .
10,null,null,serves no long term purpose and one day even the memories will be gone
11,null,null,They say enjoy life but why ?
12,null,null,Animals do not .
13,null,null,They just do what they do .
14,null,null,They are only purpose .
15,null,null,is to keep their species alive and technically that is our only purpose in life to keep our species going
16,null,null,Maybe if we did not spend so much time focusing on life and enjoying it
17,null,null,we would actually be happier people and more accepting of pending doom .
18,null,null,I do not know ,
19,null,null,that is just how I feel most of the time .
20,null,null,Why I even bother to write this or anything else on Reddit
21,null,null,I do not know .
487 9
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,The grass is not green anywhere ; the grass is fucking dead
2,null,null,I do not give a damn about what people say about the grass being green on the other side or where you water it or whatever .
3,null,null,It does not matter .
4,null,null,NOTHING will satisfy me .
5,null,null,Maybe I expect too much from the world , but
6,null,null,when I put the work in ( something seen few and far between these days ) , I just want some form of pride or happiness or something .
7,null,null,The grass is dead .
8,null,null,It is , it has been , and it always will be .
9,null,null,This small existence will never mean anything .
488 10
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,What are you amazing at ?
2,null,null,Seriously ?
3,null,null,And , I do not want to hear no bullshit like , " driving people away " , or .
4,null,null,things like that
5,null,null,I am trying to promote self - esteem and value in your own eyes .
6,null,null,So take this opportunity to brag about yourself .
7,null,null,Just try to keep it positive .
8,null,null,I want you to reflect on what makes you a champion .
9,null,null,Because , make no mistake ..
10,null,null,We are all Champions !
489 16
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I just had an abortion .
2,null,null,I have not been feeling right mentally lately .
3,null,null,I am used to feeling numb because i have depression
4,null,null,so i know what its like to feel like shit , but
5,null,null,i ca nt really describe i how feel right now and to be honest
6,null,null,i think that s a bad thing .
7,null,null,I know that i made the right choice
8,null,null,but .. i did not think that at 18 i would be making this choice .
9,null,null,At 18 , i should be getting ready for college and .
10,null,null,figuring out my major not mourning the death of my child
11,null,null,I feel like such a loser .
12,null,null,All my friends and family are getting ready to start this new and exciting chapter in their lives
13,null,null,and I am in my room crying like an idiot because not only did i have an abortion
14,null,null,but i also just lost my shitty part time job .
15,null,null,So now I am broke and emotionally drained .
16,null,null,great .
490 15
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,How do I get confidence and motivation ?
2,null,null,Anyone else not accomplish anything in their life ?
3,null,null,I am a loner , loser , and
4,null,null,I do not fit in anywhere .
5,null,null,I am only 17
6,null,null,but I should have done something with my life by now .
7,null,null,Never played sports , never got a job , never had real friends , never had confidence just anxiety ( I believe this to be a major factor that prevents me from doing things ) .
8,null,null,Stay home all day on PS4 , no motivation , no happiness , no passions , and no dreams .
9,null,null,Most would say they look forward to getting out of high school
10,null,null,yet I am the opposite .
11,null,null,I do not look forward to the future .
12,null,null,I do not want to go to college although I probably will anyways , and
13,null,null,I do not want to work a job I will hate .
14,null,null,I am a lazy shit
15,null,null,and I hate myself for it .
491 16
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Do good guys actually exist , because i am beginning to lose faith .
2,null,null,Every guy i have taken an interest in has been bad for me .
3,null,null,I am only 18 , but
4,null,null,i have slept with 7 people , i think which is a lot and makes me a slag .
5,null,null,I started dating at the age of 10 , and .
6,null,null,was with that guy until 15
7,null,null,I have done the whole dating thing now , i just want someone to take care of me and try to understand me .
8,null,null,I have only ever been a sex toy to men ..
9,null,null,and i hate it .
10,null,null,Not one guy has actually wanted me ..
11,null,null,they just wanted sex .
12,null,null,Everyone keeps telling me that i need to have fun .
13,null,null,, go out , get laid
14,null,null,But that is not my style ..
15,null,null,i want someone to hold me tight and tell me everything will be okay ..
16,null,null,but i fear good guys do not actually exist for people like me .
492 81
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Help , I am not sure if my partner is depressed .
2,null,null,I need help moving forward .
3,null,null,A little background on my partner and our relationship
4,null,null,, he is 23
5,null,null,and I am 21 .
6,null,null,He lost his mother to sickness when he was 17 years old , .
7,null,null,dropped out of school because of that and moved away to complete a foundation course
8,null,null,We met while he was back home
9,null,null,but he currently studies overseas to complete his bachelor
10,null,null,is degree .
11,null,null,However , he is been home for the past 2.5 weeks as he is having his semester break .
12,null,null,We began dating a year and 2 months ago .
13,null,null,He is been nothing but the most supportive and kind partner I have ever had the honour of dating .
14,null,null,Very caring , remembers the little things and .
15,null,null,is very physically affectionate
16,null,null,However for the past 2.5 weeks , he is been incredibly hot and cold with me .
17,null,null,The worst instance having been on Thursday ( 4 days ago ) .
18,null,null,We had planned to meet at 2 pm , but
19,null,null,at 2 pm he asks if we can meet at 5 pm because nothe weather is too hot ' .
20,null,null,Fair enough , so we decide to meet at 5 pm .
21,null,null,When I meet him , he is cold and withdrawn and .
22,null,null,does not even acknowledge me
23,null,null,I reach for his hand and
24,null,null,he lets me hold it , but the bus ride is filled with nothing but silence .
25,null,null,He is looking out the window and
26,null,null,he does not want to speak to me .
27,null,null,We reach our destination and head to a restaurant for early dinner , but
28,null,null,he orders one tiny dish and does not want to eat anymore because he has no appetite .
29,null,null,I asked him what is wrong
30,null,null,and he said he is just tired .
31,null,null,I asked if he is angry at me
32,null,null,and he says no .
33,null,null,He continues being very physically affectionate by holding my hand and holding my waist but
34,null,null,he does not want to make eye contact with me or kiss me .
35,null,null,He smiles all of 2 times while we are out .
36,null,null,We then decide to head to a bar ( his decision , even though I told him I am okay with going home ) , but
37,null,null,we just drank our beers in silence
38,null,null,, I tried telling him about a book I had just bought
39,null,null,but I could tell he was disinterested .
40,null,null,While on the way back home , I teared up while telling him that I have been trying so hard to communicate with him
41,null,null,but I have just not gotten a response .
42,null,null,He tells me that he is tired and it is got nothing to do with me .
43,null,null,We head back home
44,null,null,and I tell him to text me when he is back home
45,null,null,but he does not .
46,null,null,It is been 4 days since then
47,null,null,and I texted him last night but
48,null,null,to no response ( it is been 24 hours ) .
49,null,null,Other reasons why I think he may be depressed are:- A week before he came home , he found out his dog of 13 years passed away .
50,null,null,\-
51,null,null,He has a very erratic sleep schedule .
52,null,null,He will sleep at 5 am , .
53,null,null,wake up at noon
54,null,null,\-
55,null,null,He does not want to do things that we planned to do .
56,null,null,We wanted to go for an exhibition
57,null,null,and he said we will go ' next week ' but that has not happened yet .
58,null,null,\-
59,null,null,We have not had sex in a week .
60,null,null,\-
61,null,null,He has not met his best friend of a few years even though he is been home for 2.5 weeks .
62,null,null,\-
63,null,null,He has not made contact with me for 4 days , this is out of the ordinary .
64,null,null,\-
65,null,null,He is totally checked out of social media , not stayed up to date with memes and Instagram stories ( with the only exception being last night when he watched my Instagram story )
66,null,null,\-
67,null,null,His Instagram and Twitter bio is " Have fun .
68,null,null,Be kind .
69,null,null,Die . "
70,null,null,( ! ! ) I feel so lost and helpless , and
71,null,null,I feel like I am grasping at straws trying to figure out what is going on .
72,null,null,I do not know if this could be depression or if it is just a case of him checking out of this relationship .
73,null,null,If any of these signs are an indicator , please please please let me know what I can do .
74,null,null,I feel especially on edge because he is leaving to go back to uni in a few days
75,null,null,but I do not know when I will be able to see him again .
76,null,null,I do not know how to reach out to him , he did not respond to my text message and the last thing I want to do .
77,null,null,is shove him deeper into isolation
78,null,null,Please give me any advice you can on how to go about dealing with the situation .
79,null,null,I love him so much
80,null,null,and I want to support him , but
81,null,null,I do not know how .
493 10
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am new here .
2,null,null,Decided to look up some info on the withdrawal effect of Effexor and .
3,null,null,decided that it was time to check out support as well
4,null,null,I have suffered from depression since I was very young but was not diagnosed until my early twenties ( I am 33 now )
5,null,null,I was not medicated until my husband decided he did not want to be married anymore and the bottom fell out of my life .
6,null,null,At the time I needed something to help balance me out a bit .
7,null,null,I should have been medicated a long time ago
8,null,null,I still have times where it hits me but not nearly as severe as it used to .
9,null,null,I describe it as my black cloud coming over me .
10,null,null,I tell people when it is there as I am very open about my depression as I feel it may help someone else .
494 6
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am having a good day .
2,null,null,Taking the advice of others in this sub , I am going to try to remember how this feels .
3,null,null,And try to remember that it is possible to not feel sad , even if it is just for a day and the happiness is slight .
4,null,null,I hope to remember this so that when I am down the sadness tunnel again , things will not look completely hopeless .
5,null,null,I hope you guys get to feel it too .
6,null,null,At least a small breather from drowning in sadness .
495 20
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,God giveth and , but
2,null,null,God
3,null,null,taketh away
4,null,null,lately he seems to just be taking from me .
5,null,null,I am tired of it all now .
6,null,null,A little over a year ago my Grandfather who lived with us passed away .
7,null,null,About 6 months ago my mother passed away .
8,null,null,A week ago my father went into the hospital to have open heart surgery done on him , and
9,null,null,today he came back and is definitely looking worse for wear .
10,null,null,For the time being he can not do anything physical .
11,null,null,, can not drive , and just looks like he is in pain , and is talking about probably retiring
12,null,null,Meanwhile in my life i am struggling between choosing to go off to college or getting a full - time job .
13,null,null,Only just a week ago I was getting ready to start to apply to FAFSA in preparation for actually starting college this year --
14,null,null,now with recent developments i am not sure if that is even a viable option .
15,null,null,I will probably need to stay home and help out by getting a full - time job since both me and my brother are reliant on my dad financially , and
16,null,null,my brother is already in college .
17,null,null,I really do not know what I want to do or what I even can do .
18,null,null,Add onto more shallow but personal reasons for me to feel down , like the fact that I have no social life to speak of and honestly it is enough to make me seriously consider suicide .
19,null,null,It all just feels hopeless to me , and
20,null,null,I do not even really feel like living to see what the future holds because it feels as though it is all bleak in the long term .
496 21
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Help !
2,null,null,I just want to cut , and .
3,null,null,cut , and cut
4,null,null,It feels so good .
5,null,null,So far I have managed to maintain some sort of self control and .
6,null,null,only cut my wrist and genitalia
7,null,null,I am afraid because I have the whole weekend to myself except for a few things I am doing with friends .
8,null,null,My mind is full of strange thoughts .
9,null,null,I am sorry I was so descriptive .
10,null,null,I really would like it if someone would respond .
11,null,null,I am not seeing my therapist until Wednesday
12,null,null,and I got into a big fight with my husband on Friday about my depression .
13,null,null,He said I make him depressed .
14,null,null,He does not know how to handle me .
15,null,null,He thinks that depression is a choice not a disease .
16,null,null,He wants me to talk to him about my problems like I talk to my therapist .
17,null,null,I can not .
18,null,null,He says things like
19,null,null,I throw him a guilt trip .
20,null,null,He is one of my problems .
21,null,null,He damages my self -esteem .
497 15
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am 19
2,null,null,an architectural student life is meant to be all great right ?
3,null,null,everything in my life is so good
4,null,null,but I am always depressed and
5,null,null,sometimes i go throw these stages
6,null,null,where i cry out of nowhere for no particular reason !
7,null,null,i used to cut myself
8,null,null,and i really need to
9,null,null,but my insecurities about my scars are holding me back
10,null,null,i need to find happiness soon
11,null,null,or I am just going to give up on life
12,null,null,I am thinking way too far into the danger zone and almost suicidal !
13,null,null,great here i go again bloody crying !
14,null,null,well I am just looking for some around my age who can relate and who i can talk to !
15,null,null,and I am a great listener so if there is anyone out there ?
498 12
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I have been dealing with no self confidence and low self esteem for some many years now
2,null,null,I can not count them all .
3,null,null,Things have really hit rock bottom .
4,null,null,After 6 years my partner has left me .
5,null,null,At 26 I feel I am going to die alone .
6,null,null,All I want is to settle down , get married and have lots of babies
7,null,null,but I pushed him away .
8,null,null,Why did I do that ?
9,null,null,I see no light at the end of this tunnel .
10,null,null,I feel completely alone .
11,null,null,I have cried so long and so hard
12,null,null,but it does not change the empty feeling I have inside me .
499 9
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I do not act depressed
2,null,null,so people just think I am edgy
3,null,null,I am pretty good at keeping up appearances in public
4,null,null,but I do make the occasional depression joke , so
5,null,null,when I tell those jokes or share a meme about suicide people think I am making light of depression or laughing at suicidal people .
6,null,null,But honestly I can not remember the last time I went a day without wanting to kill myself haha .
7,null,null,But then again you can not really reach out to anyone without being that " depressing friend " and
8,null,null,the college therapist is pretty shit
9,null,null,so here I amm
500 20
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Hey all , I moved away from my home town 17 years ago and .
2,null,null,have only gone back for short visits and never met up with any of the people I used to hang around with
3,null,null,These girls still live in the town and
4,null,null,still after all these years talk of me and not nice
5,null,null,either , the reason I know this is because another friend told me .
6,null,null,I am not putting them down but
7,null,null,the only reason I can think of is because they are angry and jealous of me as I have been on a sort of adventure instead of staying home and being a single mum .
8,null,null,I really can not think what I did that was so bad to them that they still put me down and hate me .
9,null,null,They even shouted out my name then said is a
10,null,null,*
11,null,null,*
12,null,null,I was with my mum
13,null,null,and it was awful .
14,null,null,I was excited about moving there
15,null,null,but now I am dreading it
16,null,null,and I am petrified incase
17,null,null,they decide to start making my life bad when it will be a struggle educating my family on my illness .
18,null,null,I just do not know what to
19,null,null,and I would appreciate any advice please .
20,null,null,HiddenLady
501 24
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Well , I am a sixteen year old girl , and
2,null,null,my name is to be unknown , so just call me Kat .
3,null,null,I think I have depression , and
4,null,null,others have told me that I may , because I have mood swings , I constantly think of death / suicide , and I do cut myself , a lot .
5,null,null,When I am sad I will cry and
6,null,null,I will throw up sometimes on purpose .
7,null,null,I have issues with the way I look , because I am overweight , and
8,null,null,I am insecure about my weight .
9,null,null,I have moments where I break down at school in the girls ' bathroom
10,null,null,and I do carry a razor blade around with me
11,null,null,and I will cut myself at school .
12,null,null,I have scars everywhere on my arms and some on my legs , and
13,null,null,the scars do overlap each other .
14,null,null,I have a friend who I like to talk to , and
15,null,null,sometimes it helps .
16,null,null,I have tried to talk to other friends , but
17,null,null,they do not care .
18,null,null,So yeah ,
19,null,null,my parents know I cut , and
20,null,null,they are also thinking about getting a divorce and taking me away from the school I love ..
21,null,null,I do not know if anyone here cares .
22,null,null,Or if anyone here thinks I am just another fake teen crying for attention ..
23,null,null,but I do not care , this is what is with me , and
24,null,null,it does hurt ..
502 11
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I hate my boring , routine life .
2,null,null,I am accomplishing nothing , I am not living .
3,null,null,I am simply existing .
4,null,null,I am so sick of getting up and working 9 - 5 five days a week .
5,null,null,My job stresses me out so much that I can not unwind and relax in the few hours I have to myself a day , my weekends are full of errands that I can not do during the week because of working , I have no hobbies
6,null,null,and I have no energy in any free time I have to start some .
7,null,null,I do not make enough money to really have any experiences , I am so bored .
8,null,null,I can not take time off work even though I have PTO because the amount of work I have to catch up on even missing one day is unreal and it stresses me out more to miss work than it does to be there .
9,null,null,I am so sick of this cyclical life .
10,null,null,I hate being told I have to spend 1/3 of my life at a job .
11,null,null,How does anyone get over this ?
503 25
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I have a bad personality that appears good .
2,null,null,My personality is a result of childhood abuse and depression .
3,null,null,I was treated like a subordinate not worthy of shit growing up and now as an adult I am a people pleaser to the extent of ruining my own life to help others even if they do nt need it because I worry about my reputation and want people to constantly think I am a really good person .
4,null,null,I know that it is not good behaviour
5,null,null,but I do not know how to be outside of that .
6,null,null,It feels nice to get praised for it
7,null,null,but I really want to start accomplishing things for myself and let people handle their own business .
8,null,null,I want to be someone .
9,null,null,I do not even feel like a person half the time .
10,null,null,There are too many ways to be
11,null,null,and I do not know which one is a good fit for me .
12,null,null,It is definitely not this .
13,null,null,I am not really sure what to do
14,null,null,and I am sure no one could really answer this for me
15,null,null,but I really wanted to get it off my chest .
16,null,null,Idk if anyone else is like this
17,null,null,but it sucks .
18,null,null,I was doing some research and and
19,null,null,found martyr syndrome
20,null,null,it really kicked me off my pedalstool
21,null,null,and I feel like a piece of shit that sets too high standards and takes too much responsibility on and makes people feel bad .
22,null,null,I thought I was just a super nice person
23,null,null,but I am actually an asshole victimizing myself constantly and blaming it on others .
24,null,null,TLR : I have a bad personality and
25,null,null,I want to find a new one that is better .
504 9
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,So tired of thinking about suicide and being sad
2,null,null,I feel I want to die to rest
3,null,null,I wait and
4,null,null,wait and wait
5,null,null,but this time my sadness and anxiety does not go away .
6,null,null,It physichaly pains .
7,null,null,I hate myself for crying publicly every day at the street or cafs .
8,null,null,Sometimes I think that an angel will appear to help me for being crying so much .
9,null,null,Writing it here is the only thing that helps
505 6
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Do you ever wonder In another life ,
2,null,null,in the past or future , you are living another life , as someone completely different , and their smile lights up the room
3,null,null,and they are secure about themselves and the people around them , and
4,null,null,they are lucky enough for things to come easy to them , and they are nice and beautiful , but
5,null,null,of course not , you are here and .
6,null,null,only have the one life you are wasting
506 25
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Gets worse by the day lately Lately ..
2,null,null,the depression has been getting worse as each new day arrives .
3,null,null,It is getting to the point where I am afraid of my own mind and thoughts .
4,null,null,Lately I have been hoping that i do not wake up from my sleep .
5,null,null,In the past six months , I have lost two people that I loved so much .
6,null,null,One was my best friend of 8 years , we dated for a year and broke up but remained friends until about six months ago .
7,null,null,He started to ignore me out of no where .
8,null,null,Tried my best to talk to him
9,null,null,but .. he was the cause of why my depression spiraled back so bad that I almost took my own life .
10,null,null,Then I met another guy about 5 months earlier ..
11,null,null,he liked me
12,null,null,, I liked him , I fell in love with him .
13,null,null,He knew of my ex / best friend and what he did to me .
14,null,null,Guy number two said he would not do what guy number one did to me ..
15,null,null,and now I feel like he is doing the same exact thing that guy number one did to me ..
16,null,null,we have not talked in two weeks .
17,null,null,I know two weeks is not that long to not talk , but ..
18,null,null,seeing as guy number one did not talk to me for two weeks ..
19,null,null,I can not help that guy number two is doing the same exact thing and ignoring me and .
20,null,null,somehow I will lose him as friend
21,null,null,Sadly .. I fell really hard for guy number two ..
22,null,null,Sorry for the long story
23,null,null,but ..
24,null,null,as a person that is been battling depression for the last 13 years , I just feel like if I left the world , no one would notice or even care ..
25,null,null,Thank you to who ever takes the time to read this ..
507 26
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I think letters are a wonderful way to communicate .
2,null,null,That way you do not say anything without thinking about it first .
3,null,null,I was not clear if your mother actually read the letter or not .
4,null,null,If she has not , I might suggest approaching the letter with just the first issue of the way she treats you ( without the father issue ) in one letter .
5,null,null,That might open dialogue and .
6,null,null,allow you guys to focus on fixing that first
7,null,null,I understand your fear of authority figures .
8,null,null,When I was that age ( I am 31 now )
9,null,null,I could not talk to anyone of authority .
10,null,null,My mom , who was shy herself had to do that kind of stuff for me .
11,null,null,Could another one of your relatives go with you to take your drivers test ?
12,null,null,Nana or who you mentioned in the letter ?
13,null,null,Sonny
14,null,null,If it helps to hear , I did get over my fear of authority figures and ) .
15,null,null,sometimes I go overboard and challenge them ( to make up for lost time ?
16,null,null,I never had psychotherapy , but
17,null,null,I wish I had .
18,null,null,So do not discount it , if you are able to .
19,null,null,nip it in the bud
20,null,null,One other question I have is .. is your mother ALWAYS this way or does she show moments of tenderness , sympathy or interest in your life ?
21,null,null,I think that if you have seen the mom in her in the past , it sounds like she has some internal problems that she takes out on you , but have nothing to do with you .
22,null,null,Do not worry about how you should be at this age ..
23,null,null,everyone has their own time clock inside .
24,null,null,If we were all the same , this would be a very very boring world .
25,null,null,You sound like an interesting , thoughtful man .
26,null,null,I wish you could see that .
508 23
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,GF stopped taking antidepressants
2,null,null,So my LDR girlfriend just recently stopped taking antidepressants because her mother pressured her into it .
3,null,null,She clearly needs them , she can barely function without them
4,null,null,and I told her
5,null,null,but she refuses to take them again .
6,null,null,Her mother , by the way , is bipolar and very mentally abusive .
7,null,null,It seems like my GF had been convinced by her mother that not taking meds is the way to go .
8,null,null,I told my parents about this and .
9,null,null,they agree with her not taking them , claiming it will help the chemicals leave her body
10,null,null,I do not know what to do .
11,null,null,I want to support her decision but
12,null,null,her getting off her meds is clearly affecting her negatively and
13,null,null,she is even sadder and less motivated to do anything now .
14,null,null,It is currently impossible for us to live together and we visit each other 1 - 2 times a year when school is out .
15,null,null,We are both in uni .
16,null,null,I myself stopped taking antidepressants cold turkey as well
17,null,null,( that was about 5 years ago ) and
18,null,null,I am still depressed but not to the point where I can not go out and do I am supposed what to like
19,null,null,she is experiencing right now .
20,null,null,I love her and
21,null,null,want to be with her forever
22,null,null,but I do not know how to help at this point , she is not receptive to my help and .
23,null,null,hates herself and has no friends where she lives , a small town in Canada
509 22
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Hello , I think this is where I introduce myself ..
2,null,null,I am 34
3,null,null,I have been suffering severely with depression since I was 6 .
4,null,null,I have not yet been properly diagnosed , most likely because I have to go to the county
5,null,null,and I live in the poorest county in California .
6,null,null,I know I am EXTREMELY obsessive compulsive , I have been told I am major depression , ocd , add , and now may possibly be bipolar of the severe kind ..
7,null,null,oh . boy .
8,null,null,I am confused as hell .
9,null,null,I have no mentally ill friends and the others just take advantage of me .
10,null,null,If I try to talk to my mom
11,null,null,she breaks down , she is trying more now
12,null,null,, it is just recently they really started believing I am really ill and not jus a hustler .
13,null,null,The medications have been tearing me apart , one almost gave me a heart attack .
14,null,null,I would really like to talk to someone who understands me with out having to go to the 3rd floor again .
15,null,null,Maybe there is someone out there who has a sensitivity to these medicines too .. who can help ?
16,null,null,so far some take off the edge , but
17,null,null,I always end up breaking down and EXPLODING .
18,null,null,I can not hold down a job , and ..
19,null,null,with the state off the economy I can not get disability
20,null,null,so sometimes It is the streets .
21,null,null,I am REALLY TIRED , can anyone feel me ?
22,null,null,Thanks for your time ,
510 17
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Sometimes I just get hit so hard by realizing I have lost out on most of my life .
2,null,null,"
3,null,null,Castle on the hill " got me messed up Do not know why the song suddenly got to me , I have heard and
4,null,null,seen it before
5,null,null,but now it makes me so sad .
6,null,null,I never had that
7,null,null,, I do not have friends I could go to , get back to , I just have nobody .
8,null,null,After half of my life I would not say I am depressed anymore , but now I have to deal with the fallout of years and years and years of digging myself in a hole , I have to start everything over .
9,null,null,I have no foundation to build on .
10,null,null,I feel sad , maybe a little fearful that I will never manage to achieve that genuine bonding and feeling of belonging
11,null,null,I could have gotten in my teens .
12,null,null,I am proud I am still here
13,null,null,, I am proud I have come so far , but
14,null,null,right now I am incredibly disheartened
15,null,null,and I do not know how to process this sadness .
16,null,null,Edit :
17,null,null,everything seems suddenly so meaningless and fake
511 16
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,So tired I lost my job in Feb. of this year .
2,null,null,I have been on unemployment since and watching my son while i look for work .
3,null,null,Well , that s about exhausted
4,null,null,, then my water heater broke , then my only grandpa passed away suddenly .
5,null,null,I thought i had something good going with a little media company with my long time friend , but
6,null,null,that fell through .
7,null,null,Now the engine in my care is locked up because of an oil leak i apparently did nt know about .
8,null,null,If i do nt find something soon it will all be up to my wife
9,null,null,and she simply ca nt do it on her paycheck alone .
10,null,null,It is all so tiring .
11,null,null,Anytime i get a step ahead
12,null,null,i ca nt help but .
13,null,null,get knocked back a dozen
14,null,null,I do nt know what i m doing anymore .
15,null,null,I do nt even know why i m doing this right now .
16,null,null,i fucking hate money .
512 21
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,What ambitions are left to aspire to if you do not want kids ?
2,null,null,I am a 27 male surrounded by mombies and a culture that I do not fit into .
3,null,null,I feel like I have accomplished all my very serious ambitions from graduating college to studying in grad school and withdrawing , twice .
4,null,null,( I was doing fine in grad school , they were job prep program .
5,null,null,School Psych and .
6,null,null,a teacher prep program
7,null,null,I withdrew basically because I was apathetic about the job goals / mission .
8,null,null,I studied philosophy / psychology during my undergrad
9,null,null,and I feel extremely content with all the knowledge I have accumulated , but
10,null,null,it just feels like I am getting old .
11,null,null,It feels like friends are moving away , the world is getting smaller , less wondrous .
12,null,null,It is like realizing I am too old to aspire to great things like being an astronaut or something .
13,null,null,I feel like my role models are way too big , or that things are just downhill from here .
14,null,null,So I am asking myself questions like why bother working ?
15,null,null,Why bother moving forward ?
16,null,null,Maybe I am pessimistic and .
17,null,null,think the US political situation is horrible and it is affecting me
18,null,null,But I wonder how older people without kids keep going forward .
19,null,null,What pushes them ?
20,null,null,I firmly do not want my career to be my only reason to live .
21,null,null,I do not want to live to work .
513 10
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am convinced money CAN buy happiness .
2,null,null,Can it fix everything ?
3,null,null,No .
4,null,null,It would fix my life .
5,null,null,Money would be freedom , safety , comfort .
6,null,null,Money would give me back control of my life .
7,null,null,As is , I make stupid little Reddit posts to feel like a person .
8,null,null,To take control of my feelings .
9,null,null,A time machine would also buy happiness .
10,null,null,If one existed , again : money .
514 10
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,This is a really great forum and nice to know there are other men out there willing to help as they know what it is like .
2,null,null,It is also funny
3,null,null,how sometimes what you think you are doing and what other perceive are totally different .
4,null,null,For example , my wife has recently stated that she feels like she is living in a " glass jar .
5,null,null,"
6,null,null,What she means it that due to my depression and anxiety she , at times , feels like she has to act or say things differently because of how she thinks I am going to interpret them .
7,null,null,Whereas all I want is for her to act normal and do and act as she was and let me deal with the insecurities and issues .
8,null,null,I hope this is making some sense to some of you and if so ?
9,null,null,, any suggestions on what to do
10,null,null,Thanks !
515 9
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Becoming fat Perhaps due to my meds ( some of them have side effects pertaining to increase in appetite and weight gain ) , and
2,null,null,perhaps due to my ridiculous comfort eating , I have become fat .
3,null,null,Which is very obvious because I am short and have a small frame .
4,null,null,Plus all my tailor made clothes do not fit me .
5,null,null,Exercise and the lot do not work -
6,null,null,in fact I have exercised 30 minutes or more every day in the last 1.5 month - after all I am not a young person , I do not do very strenuous exercise and
7,null,null,my metabolism is probably low .
8,null,null,So exercise itself can not burn off the additional calories I am consuming .
9,null,null,So this is it - I am stopping with the crazy eating .
516 14
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Should I tell my boyfriend that I am having suicidal thoughts ?
2,null,null,If so , how ?
3,null,null,I posted here earlier asking if I should tell my therapist I am having suicidal thoughts .
4,null,null,I am going to do that at our next appointment .
5,null,null,My question now is about telling my boyfriend .
6,null,null,He knows I have depression and anxiety .
7,null,null,I do not want him to worry more than he already does .
8,null,null,At the same time , though , I might need the extra support .
9,null,null,He probably already knows anyway ..
10,null,null,What should I do and
11,null,null,how should I do it ?
12,null,null,I know I can get through this .
13,null,null,I have done it before , so I really do not want him to worry .
14,null,null,Any thoughts ?
517 23
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Today is her Birthday .
2,null,null,I thought I was moving on .
3,null,null,Today is your birthday .
4,null,null,You enjoyed the celebrations .
5,null,null,You always had a plan .
6,null,null,I loved to help make it special .It
7,null,null,was your day .
8,null,null,Today is your birthday and
9,null,null,I want nothing more than to tell you I love you and hold you tight .
10,null,null,To never let you go .
11,null,null,Today is your birthday and
12,null,null,I want to make it special .
13,null,null,Today is your birthday and .
14,null,null,for the first time in years I am not there to share it
15,null,null,Today is your birthday
16,null,null,and I thought I could cope .
17,null,null,But your birthday is just a reminder , a reminder that I am sick .
18,null,null,Today is a reminder that I let you go because I did not know how to hold on .
19,null,null,Today your birthday and I can not tell you I love you .
20,null,null,My wishes for you drift off into the empty void of your absence .
21,null,null,Today is your birthday and
22,null,null,I yearn to hold you and keep you safe .
23,null,null,Today is your birthday and your loss cuts to my soul .
518 16
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am stressed After doing a bit of research
2,null,null,I found out that i matched the symptoms for stress .
3,null,null,The symptoms I experience include , but
4,null,null,are not ( at all ) limited to :
5,null,null,Emotional instability ( It has not taken much to get me over the edge ) .
6,null,null,Distancing myself from others .
7,null,null,Low self - esteem .
8,null,null,Frequent headaches .
9,null,null,Low energy .
10,null,null,Insomnia .
11,null,null,Irregular eating patterns .
12,null,null,Frequent colds and infections ( within the last 30 days I have gotten 4 separate infections .
13,null,null,I have also gotten a cold despite it being 40 C and me being outside all the time ) .
14,null,null,I do not know what you are supposed to do with this information .
15,null,null,I just needed to tell someone .
16,null,null,I can not relax at all anymore
519 7
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I finally got antidepressants I finally bit the bullet and saw a doctor about getting some meds because my life is in shambles
2,null,null,lol .
3,null,null,2018 is looking pretty alright .
4,null,null,I got prescribed 10 mg of escitalopram ( Cipralex ) .
5,null,null,Anyone else on it ?
6,null,null,Any tips n tricks ?
7,null,null,The side effects seem pretty standard for an SSRI .
520 18
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I read " The Art of Happiness " a couple of years ago and .
2,null,null,really enjoyed it
3,null,null,The Dalai Lama is something else .
4,null,null,I have forgotten a lot of it
5,null,null,but I do remember him saying that we should strive to be unswayed by emotion so that we do not differentiate between good things happening or bad things .
6,null,null,I am the opposite of this .
7,null,null,When good things happen I feel good .
8,null,null,When bad things happen I feel bad .
9,null,null,I loved what you said about there being no such thing as self loathing in Tibet .
10,null,null,I wonder if this means there is no depression .
11,null,null,I have always wanted to be a monk .
12,null,null,Maybe that is the answer .
13,null,null,Thanks for the interesting post Harlequin .
14,null,null,I will now go and
15,null,null,Google breathing meditation .
16,null,null,By the way , can anyone tell me how to post partial quotes ?
17,null,null,Do I have to erase the bits I do not want posted after hitting +
18,null,null,quote or is there another way ?
521 8
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,How would you describe your life at this point ?
2,null,null,I literally feel like my life is a complete crap !
3,null,null,I have been holding my feelings in(self doubt , emotionally unstable )
4,null,null,it is been rough !
5,null,null,I just quit my job because it was causing more panic attacks ..
6,null,null,so now I am without a job and !
7,null,null,still depressed
8,null,null,Basically life sucks for me ! !
522 17
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am still obsessed with her .
2,null,null,At the start of the year , I made a post talking about how I have been obsessed with an older girl for well over a year .
3,null,null,Of course , nothing is changed .
4,null,null,I watched a video of her earlier .
5,null,null,Happy and .
6,null,null,giddy with excitement
7,null,null,She jumped around and .
8,null,null,kicked her legs , unable to contain her excitement
9,null,null,She was so happy and full of enjoyment .
10,null,null,But seeing her be so happy without me has put me in a state of deep depression since .
11,null,null,Even typing though his out is painful .
12,null,null,Knowing I will never be with her , whilst she lives out her life happy and free
13,null,null,makes me feel down to no end .
14,null,null,I am so miserable , I can not even describe it .
15,null,null,Why am I even here ?
16,null,null,As if venting on the internet is going to change anything .
17,null,null,I wish she would love me .
523 33
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am 19 and tired of living I am writing because I do not have anyone else to talk to in real life that could understand me .
2,null,null,I am a 19 years old girl , close to turning 20 , never had a relationship in my life and only kissed a boy once .
3,null,null,I have had boys hit one me before
4,null,null,but I always turned them down .
5,null,null,I feel terrible that I have never dated anyone , but
6,null,null,in reality I do not even know what my sexuality is
7,null,null,and I do not think that I would be a good partner to anyone .
8,null,null,I feel so miserable and sad all the time .
9,null,null,I hate my body and my appearance even though I know that I am not really ugly .
10,null,null,I do not know why my self esteem is so low .
11,null,null,I do not have energy
12,null,null,anymore do anything in my life .
13,null,null,I do not have a lot of friends and the ones that I have had in high school
14,null,null,I do not talk much to them .
15,null,null,I always end up isolating myself from people and .
16,null,null,the regretting it later
17,null,null,I do not know why I do this .
18,null,null,I do not why I hate myself so much .
19,null,null,I just wished that I could love myself .
20,null,null,I think I am depressed
21,null,null,but I do not know for sure .
22,null,null,I went to a psychologist a while ago and
23,null,null,all I could do was cry and tell them how miserable I felt
24,null,null,and they basically did not tell me anything
25,null,null,and it felt like a waste of money .
26,null,null,Anyway , I do not know what I have , I just know that there is something wrong with me .
27,null,null,I feel like I have wasted my teenage years away being socially anxious and not connecting with people , and
28,null,null,I do not why I am like this .
29,null,null,I just wished that I could socialize and be happy and not care so much about how I look and how others perceive me .
30,null,null,The year is coming is to an end
31,null,null,and I am just feeling terrible because I am still lonely and depressed and because I am not in college yet because I did not study enough for the entrance exam .
32,null,null,Anyway , sorry if my English is bad , I have always lurked in this sub
33,null,null,and I wanted to post something to know that I am not alone .
524 13
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Feeling nostalgic ?
2,null,null,Does anyone else obsess over a point of time in their life when they felt like they were truly happy ?
3,null,null,For me the last time in my life when I felt like I was truly happy was 2013 and 2014
4,null,null,( mostly the summers )
5,null,null,Ever since then life has changed so much .
6,null,null,My depression got worse than ever .
7,null,null,I spend so much time reminiscing on the good times because life is so crappy now .
8,null,null,Does it ever get better again or
9,null,null,what ?
10,null,null,I keep telling myself this is just a stage and things will get good again
11,null,null,but it just seems to get worse .
12,null,null,Nostalgia can be a great feeling
13,null,null,but it is killing me now knowing how good life once was .
525 25
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I just need to rant because I see what my life could be and what it really is and just get so frustrated !
2,null,null,I want to be / feel normal !
3,null,null,Instead I keep a part time job I hate when I should quit
4,null,null,so I can focus on my wedding and school and other things .
5,null,null,I am failing horribly in school and
6,null,null,there is no reason why I should !
7,null,null,I have a learning disability but
8,null,null,I should try harder , and I only do part time studies !
9,null,null,Our wedding is coming up and
10,null,null,of course planning is stressful
11,null,null,but I want to be more organized .
12,null,null,My fiance each have close family members who recently got very ill & are so worried and trying to cope and take care of them .
13,null,null,Sure we have a lot on our plate
14,null,null,but I see people with the same amount of stuff at the same time !
15,null,null,For example I knew a person in high school who was always on the honor roll , !
16,null,null,took an extra night class , had a boyfriend , friends and social life , and a job
17,null,null,Then in University the same thing as well as scholarships .
18,null,null,I would crumble under the pressure !
19,null,null,I am so sick and tired of doing a half assed job of managing my life .
20,null,null,I HAVE TO quit that job , stop watching tv when I should study , organize my things
21,null,null,rrARRGG
22,null,null,I am just so angry .
23,null,null,I am 25 years old and a total mess .
24,null,null,I do not know what I did to deserve the angel who will soon be my husband , but
25,null,null,I am so thankful that he keeps me afloat & my head on my shoulders .
526 12
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,How do you decide to live for yourself ?
2,null,null,I can not do anything for myself .
3,null,null,I do not mean I can not dress myself or shower etc , I mean I do not care to progress my career
4,null,null,, I do not care to try and be a better person and all that .
5,null,null,I am finding that I am putting off whatever I want to do ( study for career progression , do martial arts , try harder with photography etc ) , in place of " being support " for my girlfriend .
6,null,null,Emotional or .
7,null,null,otherwise
8,null,null,I put her above me , so
9,null,null,I do not do anything .
10,null,null,This is wrong , because it leaves me bitter with myself and my choices , because I want to be better for her etc .
11,null,null,But wtf do I do ?
12,null,null,How do I do it ?
527 15
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I find it very hard to make decisions .
2,null,null,I know there is a little bit of anxiety behind every decision , but
3,null,null,it is starting to control my life .
4,null,null,I am trying to find a new job and a new home .
5,null,null,I am also always thinking about a breakup with my girlfriend of 4.5 years .
6,null,null,I know these are big things in my life , which lately has been causing a tremendous amount of anxiety / depression / panic .
7,null,null,I am 32 and
8,null,null,I do not think I was raised with the correct tools for dealing with life sometimes .
9,null,null,For others it seams so much easier .
10,null,null,I am depressed at my current job / home .
11,null,null,I need to change .
12,null,null,I am afraid of change .
13,null,null,It is a vicious cycle .
14,null,null,Can anyone relate ?
15,null,null,What works for others ?
528 12
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Can anyone cheer me up ?
2,null,null,Apparently , my dad used to work in another country .
3,null,null,While he was away , my mom allegedly cheated on him several times .
4,null,null,The only source of mine is my cousin , who gets the info from my sister .
5,null,null,So I guess it is true .
6,null,null,And to think about it , she did wear a lot of makeup back then .
7,null,null,Not the normal amount I mean .
8,null,null,To keep it short , when this hit me , I could not imagine her cheating on my dad .
9,null,null,I have also heard that they are not divorcing because of me , which is plain stupid .
10,null,null,All in all , I am pretty much down
11,null,null,, I have never thought that she would be capable of doing such a thing .
12,null,null,( 19 year old guy here )
529 11
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Getting all excited to do something and then canceling at the last moment , for no reason ( or : How to Let Down Six Online Acquaintances With One Easy Trick )
2,null,null,Last week I set up an online gaming event that was supposed to take place today .
3,null,null,It did not get a whole lot of interest relative to the other things on the forum , but
4,null,null,I happened to have scheduled it very close to another event without realizing , so \\_()_/ ,
5,null,null,whatcha gon na do .
6,null,null,Either way it was enough interest to follow through with it , so fast forward to today .. ..
7,null,null,When I had to write a very apologetic post four minutes before it was due to start , deflecting to some bullshit like " personal stress + shitty time management .
8,null,null,"
9,null,null,And just like that , I had disappointed everyone involved .
10,null,null,Idk , it does not sound like much when it is written down , but
11,null,null,it is been a while since I have done a last minute cancellation quite that bad , and I have just been left feeling really guilty about the whole thing .
530 13
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I Am Going to Kill Myself
2,null,null,When I Move Out I have thought about doing it now , but
3,null,null,I am not retarded .
4,null,null,I can not do that to my parents .
5,null,null,All of my friends have told me that they are going to college in a different state , so they might not even hear the news .
6,null,null,One thing that bothers me the most is that I am still a virgin .
7,null,null,idk
8,null,null,that makes it worse
9,null,null,, i started drinking and shit just to get my mind off of it
10,null,null,but
11,null,null,yeah ,
12,null,null,ill graduate high school , move out , and .
13,null,null,end it
531 34
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I love life , but
2,null,null,having to work and waste my life makes me suicidal .
3,null,null,I just do nt understand , i tell people the way i feel
4,null,null,and they say shit like " well you have the weekend
5,null,null,at least " AT LEAST ? !
6,null,null,what the fuck .
7,null,null,my life is being drained away one day at a time , i have all these hobbies and interests that make life worth it
8,null,null,and i just do nt get to enjoy them instead
9,null,null,i just sit inside at a desk all day doing things i hate .
10,null,null,I spoken to therapists and friends , and .
11,null,null,anyone i can
12,null,null,I just do nt know what to do , no matter what i have to work .
13,null,null,its just the way it is .
14,null,null,but every single day i wake up and .
15,null,null,think why stick around , why be here doing things i hate 90 % of the time just so i can complain about not getting a life for the other 10 %
16,null,null,I just ca nt believe people are okay going into work everyday .
17,null,null,its like being pecked to death by a duck .
18,null,null,I have all these things i love ,
19,null,null,that make me happy
20,null,null,and i just do nt get to do them , and
21,null,null,everyone acts fucking beffudeled that i feel this way .
22,null,null,i do not get to have a life .
23,null,null,no one does .
24,null,null,we work for other people who are working for other people and
25,null,null,it goes all the way up like that untill
26,null,null,you get to the donald trumps of the world who where born with a silver spoon shoved sideways up there ass .
27,null,null,How can people feel okay about this .
28,null,null,i ve taken drugs i ve worked out
29,null,null,everyday i ve followed all the advice
30,null,null,but it just does nt change reality .
31,null,null,I do nt even know why i m
32,null,null,posting ill just get the same " try going back to college
33,null,null," bullshit
34,null,null,, i know exactly what i want , it is simply unobtainable .
532 13
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I really just do not want to be alive anymore
2,null,null,I feel so alone .
3,null,null,I just want it all to stop .
4,null,null,Forever .
5,null,null,I am just worthless garbage .
6,null,null,I do not know why I keep posting here
7,null,null,like it is going to help anything .
8,null,null,I want to flip my car so bad .
9,null,null,I am just making everyone is life worse .
10,null,null,No one actually wants me here .
11,null,null,They just feel bad for me
12,null,null,I guess .
13,null,null,Who knows .
533 41
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Finished my goodbye letters .
2,null,null,Would just like to vent a little before I hang up my hat ..
3,null,null,For the last two months I went through hell with my relationship to my GF that I was planning on proposing to right before this .
4,null,null,all began
5,null,null,Since May she is been telling me how she is depressed and does not know why and that our relationship is failing because of it .
6,null,null,I did absolutely everything I could to help even changing so many things about myself .
7,null,null,This went on for over a month until she said we needed to take a break which we began to and for the next month we were on and off yet still living together and in my eyes things were turning around for the better .
8,null,null,Well , June 29th I found out the reason for all this
9,null,null,was that she was talking to a co - worker that lives down the street and began sleeping with him while I was at work .
10,null,null,Unfortunately I snapped and
11,null,null,went to confront the guy which she blocked the door from me
12,null,null,leaving
13,null,null,and I just ripped it open hitting her with the door
14,null,null,not even thinking bruising her shoulder .
15,null,null,4 days later she calls the cops and 2 days after that I am arrested for domestic battery .
16,null,null,We were planning a life together and
17,null,null,I have never felt so betrayed .
18,null,null,After a couple days I began to see the light
19,null,null,and once I did my mother had a heart attack
20,null,null,and I can not help but .
21,null,null,blame myself for putting her through all this stress
22,null,null,Normally if I had family problems I would turn to Kaitlyn my GF and .
23,null,null,if I had GF problems I would speak to my mother or my brother who lives half way across the country
24,null,null,Well , now I have no one to turn to and
25,null,null,I am spiralling out of control .
26,null,null,Last night I spent a few hours writing my goodbyes and .
27,null,null,have been collecting a variety of sleeping pills and muscle relaxers
28,null,null,I m gon na try and enjoy the next couple days
29,null,null,and then I am pulling all my money out of the bank to go find a beautiful scenery and make that my last memory .
30,null,null,You have always been a huge help Reddit over the last few years
31,null,null,but this is my breaking point .
32,null,null,If convicted which I most likely will be according to my lawyer then the rest of my life is tarnished and
33,null,null,getting a good job
34,null,null,will be next to impossible .
35,null,null,Hell I will probably lose my current job once my name begins to get drug through the mud ..
36,null,null,Idk where I am going with this just really needed to vent to someone that is not gon na just tell me keep your chin up and
37,null,null,things will get better like my friends and family .
38,null,null,They just do not understand the dark place that I am in right now .
39,null,null,I have dealt with what I believe to have been mild depression for about the last 15 years living in a very racist area and being half fillipino and half white .
40,null,null,I have never truly felt like I fit in anywhere and am just tired .
41,null,null,I am ready for peace .
534 16
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Feeling insecure that my friend hates me I am really stressing out right now .
2,null,null,This happens all the time , I feel like
3,null,null,my closest friend hates me .
4,null,null,But recently , it is been getting bad .
5,null,null,He is been ignoring me in person , taking forever to text back , and being really passive aggressive while texting me .
6,null,null,It really hurts me that he does this , because he knows I have bad mental health , but
7,null,null,he only makes me feel worse about it by making me feel worse about myself .
8,null,null,This has been happening for the past three months , and
9,null,null,I have had so many urges to tell him that we can not be friends anymore because he is hurting me so much .
10,null,null,But I love him to death , when he is around , he supports me .
11,null,null,But the moment he stops , he acts like I do not exist .
12,null,null,It is tearing me apart .
13,null,null,I am scared to talk to him about it because I do not want him to hate me anymore than I feel like he already does , but
14,null,null,I just do not know what to do about it .
15,null,null,I feel so alone without him , and
16,null,null,I really need some comforting words , and maybe some advice on what to do .
535 14
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,A little less sad tonight I really do not know what to say anymore .
2,null,null,I can not say anything about stuff I love to people without feeling like I am a burden to them .
3,null,null,Tonight I landed my first kickflip from the street on to the curb .
4,null,null,I have been skating for about 10 years now and .
5,null,null,never been able to do that until now
6,null,null,It may not seem like a lot but
7,null,null,it is a challenge that I have faced with fear most of my life .
8,null,null,I am so happy
9,null,null,right now I have no one to share it with
10,null,null,so I thought this would be the best place to share it with .
11,null,null,I normally do not feel happy anymore or
12,null,null,generally feel content
13,null,null,but right now I do
14,null,null,and I want everyone to share something that they are proud of or something that made them hopeful or brought them comfort in a time of misery .
536 23
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I want to kill myself a lot these days
2,null,null,I am just so disconnected from everything and everyone .
3,null,null,I can not meet new people , and
4,null,null,it is making me hate my life .
5,null,null,The only girls I meet are through work , and
6,null,null,I would rather keep these relationships professional .
7,null,null,Girls
8,null,null,I meet other ways never last , and
9,null,null,I do not know how to stop talking to them .
10,null,null,I am always holding onto the shred of hope that we will pick up where we left off , when I know this is not going to happen .
11,null,null,I can not let go of the relationships that did not work because I am unable to create new ones .
12,null,null,I am alone as I have ever been .
13,null,null,I can not even have guy friends because I am bad with competition .
14,null,null,I do not even realize it , it is all subconscious .
15,null,null,I am an asshole
16,null,null,and I have just been a dick to people who just do not deserve it .
17,null,null,I have been so selfish .
18,null,null,I guess I can be happy that I have started to make changes .
19,null,null,They say change your habits and your mind will follow .
20,null,null,Well I have improved my habits greatly over the past year , .
21,null,null,so why am I still a piece of shit
22,null,null,Why am I still unable to let go of the failed relationships .
23,null,null,Why am I unable to move forward from all this .
537 10
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,do naps trigger depression ?
2,null,null,can someone relate to this ?
3,null,null,like most of the time i go take a nap , ESPECIALLY in a sunny day , esp when the sun is setting
4,null,null,and i wake up after and
5,null,null,hour or two , i feel so lost and the loneliness is reinforced like 10 times .
6,null,null,i feel like i ve missed out on life and feel more of a failure by just sleeping .
7,null,null,like i ve wasted time .
8,null,null,and the most depressing part is having no one to go enjoy the sunset with , or .
9,null,null,go out or do anything
10,null,null,its ugh
538 28
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I ruined all four of my friendships in one stupid move Fucking siblings .
2,null,null,Every only child thinks they want one .
3,null,null,Everyone with a sibling is annoyed by them , but
4,null,null,secretly loves them .
5,null,null,Not me .
6,null,null,My brother makes me want to kill myself .
7,null,null,He is one of the two reasons I am as fucked up as I am today .
8,null,null,And he knows that .
9,null,null,That is why he does it .
10,null,null,Well , one day , he was being nice to me .
11,null,null,It was a less depressing time for me .
12,null,null,I was bored .
13,null,null,Thought , ya know , why not add my brother to the group chat .
14,null,null,Big .
15,null,null,Fucking .
16,null,null,Mistake .
17,null,null,He took the pettiness level through the roof and .
18,null,null,convinced my friends everything I ever do is a fucking lie
19,null,null,He convinced my friends I am an asshole who does nothing but pick at him and make up problems all day .
20,null,null,I have no friends
21,null,null,now I feel so betrayed .
22,null,null,Alone .
23,null,null,I do not really care about that though .
24,null,null,I have realized I will never be happy .
25,null,null,Not while he lives .
26,null,null,Any chance I have at happiness he can rip away from me just as easily .
27,null,null,What the fuck is the point in living ? ?
28,null,null,I do not think I can do this much longer .
539 18
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Do you feel the same ?
2,null,null,After seeing many of my classmates being successful in their lifes , I felt terrible the trouble inside me just rooted even deeper .
3,null,null,I do not feel productive as I should be .
4,null,null,I feel like I just want to sleep forever , not having to care about anything .
5,null,null,I texted so many people that says to text them when I need them , but
6,null,null,none of them replied .
7,null,null,Maybe it is because of me who scared them away ?
8,null,null,Maybe it is because I am an introvert who hates interacting with people ?
9,null,null,I just want someone who really cares about me , who will cheer me up when I am sad .
10,null,null,Right now , I am just wondering why they have lifes that are so easy when compared to me ?
11,null,null,I have problem both physically and emotionally .
12,null,null,I have been in the situation
13,null,null,caused trauma and .
14,null,null,still haunt me every night
15,null,null,I am jealous of them .
16,null,null,Not having any emotional pains , can someone just tell me something that will give me hope to live on ?
17,null,null,We all probably need it .
18,null,null,Thanks in advance ,
540 8
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Does anybody else go for late night
2,null,null,walks hoping you will walk into someone who is also feeling the same ways ?
3,null,null,I do not know why it is never even had any romantic thoughts
4,null,null,but it is always been a female
5,null,null,, i always get a sense i will walk into someone going through the same things and somehow we would know and just walk together without even talking but feel okay .
6,null,null,Maybe its just a way to cope with feeling alone , but
7,null,null,I have not seen daylight in a week so whether its loneliness or a sense of something to come I will continue .
8,null,null,See you out there
541 6
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Anyone else stay up all night on their phone in bed because it feels like no time is being lost ?
2,null,null,All the time during the day , I feel like I am wasting time , wasting my life , doing nothing , going nowhere .
3,null,null,But at night , it is timeless .
4,null,null,I guess I think these hours would have been lost to sleep anyways
5,null,null,so I am not losing anything at all .
6,null,null,I feel like if I could stay in this night forever , I will never have to wake up to reality again .
542 20
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I do not know what I am doing wrong
2,null,null,I feel like I am doing everything I am suppose to do to get out
3,null,null,but I can not shake the feeling I am just constantly on the verge of another relapse
4,null,null,or I am just on an uphill before another episode .
5,null,null,I had been clinically depressed before ( diagnosis and all ) and .
6,null,null,tried to kill myself last year but after that I wanted to get better , to give life a chance and if it actually sucks then at 40 I will blow my brains out
7,null,null,But recently since I came home from college for winter break I almost relapsed .
8,null,null,I started to cry alot , my appetite died and
9,null,null,the suicidal urges came full swing
10,null,null,, I do not even know why nothing bad happened I am doing great in school .
11,null,null,I have tried facing my problems , I go through what I went through in my head over and over thinking of what I should have done
12,null,null,but it still is lingering .
13,null,null,Like I am ready to move on with my life but
14,null,null,its just there staring at me
15,null,null,and I do not know how to make it leave .
16,null,null,I do not know
17,null,null,I do not even think I am depressed anymore
18,null,null,but I am not okay yet either .
19,null,null,I am just in this weird middle ground of on the fence
20,null,null,and I do not know how to get over .
543 7
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I spend to many days trying not to cry Being around people
2,null,null,does not help me one bit and
3,null,null,it is not their fault .
4,null,null,Every time I leave the house I get so sad over everything .
5,null,null,It is awful To many times someone In the sevic industry just says hello
6,null,null,and I feel the need to tell them my lifestory to make me feel better .
7,null,null,Sorry about that ..
544 12
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Kill myself because I do not have a girlfriend I have been a shut in for about 2 and a half years now .
2,null,null,Everyday I stray further from God is light .
3,null,null,I am really embarrassed to show my face to anyone who is not my family , I really want to buy a mask for when I go outside , .
4,null,null,that way no one can look at my shame
5,null,null,I am turning 19 soon , and
6,null,null,I have never had a girlfriend ,
7,null,null,still a virgin
8,null,null,and I am probably going to die alone .
9,null,null,I am not fat or anything , i am just a skinny guy by nature , I understand that If I want a girlfriend , I should work on myself
10,null,null,but I just can not live with the fact that I wasted my youth being a shut in .
11,null,null,The shame is unbearable , I want to erase any evidence of my existence , my punishment for failure will be death by hanging , this is my last resort .
12,null,null,Death over defeat .
545 6
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I just feel tired of everything I always feel so tired of doing any work or any other form of interaction .
2,null,null,I am tired of school , I am tired of feeling inadequate compared to my friends who are moving on to bigger and better things , I am tired of feeling like a disappointment to my family , and
3,null,null,I am tired of the shitty life I feel like I have .
4,null,null,Yet the thing I am most tired of is being unable to find any consistent motivation in my life , never truly feeling motivated to do or finish anything , just letting any and
5,null,null,everything just pass me by .
6,null,null,It makes me hate myself even more thinking about all the things I could do if I could just find some motivation or will to be better .
546 27
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,How much longer can I fake it ?
2,null,null,I am 33 , .
3,null,null,had a full - time job for several years and have a young son
4,null,null,I took a leave from work in 2014 for mental illness , at which point I was diagnosed with depression and anxiety disorder , prescribed Zoloft and was back at work when my short term disability ran out .
5,null,null,This was the first time I would been on anti - depressants .
6,null,null,I felt tired all the time , had no sex drive , and , but
7,null,null,started gaining weight
8,null,null,at least I was functional .
9,null,null,Over the next year , I received a few verbal warnings and 1 written warning at work about my poor performance .
10,null,null,Eventually , the mask broke and
11,null,null,I was on leave again in 2015 .
12,null,null,This time I was away for much longer , was diagnosed w/ dysthymia , tried several different medications , found out that just about every SSRI gave me horrible side effects ( sweating , nausea , insomnia , no sex drive , I am actually thinking now that maybe they caused serotonin syndrome ) and eventually landed on Remeron and Wellbutrin .
13,null,null,This combo actually started to work , without any side effects ( except for weight gain , which I have been managing with a diet now ) .
14,null,null,This time , I returned to work because I received notice in the mail that my employment was going to be terminated because it was coming up on 2 years without being at work .
15,null,null,I figured if I was going to be fired for not returning .
16,null,null,, I may as well return
17,null,null,, make some money and worst thing that happens is I get fired anyways
18,null,null,I was not better when I returned to work , I was functional , I was able to smile , but .
19,null,null,the low mood persisted in a big way
20,null,null,And so here I am , still working , trying to fake it everyday , feeling like a house of cards that s ready to topple .
21,null,null,I am afraid because if I go off work again that will have been 3 leaves of absence , and I really do not think I could show my face around here anymore after that .
22,null,null,I remember how horrible my life felt when I was on medical leave .
23,null,null,I remember falling behind on child support , having to borrow money from my parents .
24,null,null,I remember trying to convince my girlfriend that my low sex drive was because of meds and not because of her .
25,null,null,I remember trying to convince an insurance company that I am sick , while simultaneously trying to convince myself that I can get better .
26,null,null,I remember feeling like a useless waste of skin that drained on the resources of everyone that dared to care about me .
27,null,null,I guess what I am saying is I know , right now , I am suffering from depression , and I am afraid of what might happen if I admit that again .
547 8
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Do you ever get to the point where you feel nothing ?
2,null,null,I am 19 years old and
3,null,null,I should be able to go out in the world and talk to anyone and enjoy anything .
4,null,null,However I can not enjoy anything and
5,null,null,it sucks so bad .
6,null,null,going to start therapy soon .
7,null,null,I do nt feel anything or .
8,null,null,enjoy anything
548 34
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,today is my birthday Today is my birthday .
2,null,null,8th alone .
3,null,null,22 today , a number that i never would have thought i would reach .
4,null,null,I bought some of my favorite snacks and .
5,null,null,got my old blanket , just going to watch some of my favorite movies today
6,null,null,I also bought a card for myself ( which i do every year ) , written on it was " Happy Birthday , Love mum and dad " ..
7,null,null,they were the last people to ever tell that to me
8,null,null,and i know that even tho
9,null,null,its been over a decade
10,null,null,since they are gone , they were the last people to celebrate and be happy because of me , the last people to love me .
11,null,null,i miss them so much .
12,null,null,I get so lonely , its hard to cope sometimes
13,null,null,, i wish i could spend more time with them .
14,null,null,I love you mum and dad EDIT 1 : Thank you all so much for the wishes , it really means a lot .
15,null,null,this is the most i have gotten in years .
16,null,null,Really made my day , been struggling to cope especially in the last few months , everything is just hitting like a train
17,null,null,so thank you to all !
18,null,null,Wish you all a good day
19,null,null,EDIT 2
20,null,null,: THANK YOU
21,null,null,SO MUCH TO EVERYONE !
22,null,null,You are all such awesome people .
23,null,null,I can not express how thankful i am and how this has been my best birthday in years
24,null,null,, i feel like a kid again .
25,null,null,i have not smiled more in the past years .
26,null,null,It brings tears to my eyes to receive so many thoughtful messages and support , all of you are just great !
27,null,null,Hearts of gold .
28,null,null,Thank you .
29,null,null,Thank you .
30,null,null,And to everyone in this subreddit I have finally found my bit of happiness , all thanks to you !
31,null,null,I no longer feel alone , and
32,null,null,you should not either !
33,null,null,There s so many good people here on reddit .
34,null,null,Hope you all are coping and hope you have a great day !
549 20
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,OK , for you guys out there-
2,null,null,I apologize ahead of time ..
3,null,null,It is that time of the month for me -
4,null,null,and I thought I was doing pretty well until this afternoon .
5,null,null,It is like my hormones , brain chemicals and whatever else have done a complete 180 on me .
6,null,null,Driving home today I prayed I would just make it safely because I was starting to feel so out of control .
7,null,null,I want to scream ( which I can not because of where I live ) or break things- or whatever else to get this anger out ! !
8,null,null,I do not even know where it is coming from ! !
9,null,null,All I know is everything is pissing me off ! !
10,null,null,Has anyone else ever felt like this ?
11,null,null,What do you do ?
12,null,null,I can not cry-
13,null,null,the tears will not come .
14,null,null,I am thinking about watching a show I like , but
15,null,null,I do not seem to like anything right now .
16,null,null,Also , I am supposed to be working from home right now , which is the last thing I want to do .
17,null,null,I just want to take some Klonopin and make myself chill and go to sleep .
18,null,null,I will not , though , because I am still feeling responsible at this moment , despite my feelings of rage .
19,null,null,I just want to get rid of these feelings ! !
20,null,null,Any ideas ? ?
550 28
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am 16 and
2,null,null,I have thought about suicide some , never tried yet .
3,null,null,I will tell you about myself .
4,null,null,I am in high school ..
5,null,null,just got my license .
6,null,null,I have been to two shrinks , neither for depression but a anger problem , though I do not have one , just Mom and me fight
7,null,null,and we have always been close .
8,null,null,No one has ever known that I have thought of suicide except when I was in junior high and it was not really much true , sure a little
9,null,null,but I was more agreeing with my cousin when she said that she has thought of such .
10,null,null,Now I have been recently noticing ( for a small bit months now ) how I have been having some I guess you would say symptoms ( pardon my spelling ) of depression and all .
11,null,null,Especially I have been losing interest in things and
12,null,null,feeling guilty over everything
13,null,null,and that is the most extreme ones
14,null,null,, I have some others too .
15,null,null,I have taken online tests and
16,null,null,it says that I may have depression .
17,null,null,But I can not believe I do .
18,null,null,I mean why would I have depression .
19,null,null,I would just guess I am making it up to myself or something .
20,null,null,We will I have always been interesting in psychology stuff like personality disorders , so
21,null,null,maybe I am just reading into it wrong or something .
22,null,null,That would probably be what a shrink would say so I do not want to go to one , plus
23,null,null,I do not really like talking to them .
24,null,null,Another thing is one of my friends just attempted suicide , lucky survived and if I say something to someone they would think I am just saying such because of that .
25,null,null,I have felt like this before that though ..
26,null,null,another thing is I am a Christian and Christians
27,null,null,should not feel this way , right ?
28,null,null,Can someone help me figure out if I am just making this up in my head ! !
551 23
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am a 33 year old man with a history of depression
2,null,null,( I was diagnosed when I was 10 ) and .
3,null,null,of " standing apart " -- not refusing to fit in out of some sense of rebellion , but not fitting in simply because I could not
4,null,null,I have never been married .
5,null,null,I have had only one long term relationship -- it was long - distance and very turbulent for both my partner and I
6,null,null,( the relationship ended three years ago ) .
7,null,null,To this day I wonder why I do not " measure up " , why I can not seem to find my place in life .
8,null,null,While not physically stunning by any means , I never thought I was hideous , either -- though my looks have most often been pointed out to me as a shortcoming , so that is the explanation I tend to go with most of the time .
9,null,null,When I hit my teenage years , panic disorder became a problem , too ( as I realized how little control I had over my life and the way it was going to turn out ) .
10,null,null,At the beginning of each year , I stand back and ?
11,null,null,take stock of my situation , asking myself : where am I right now
12,null,null,Which direction am I headed in from here ?
13,null,null,What are my options ?
14,null,null,Up until now , I could always find some reason to be at least a little hopeful , to keep going -- but
15,null,null,this year I can not .
16,null,null,I have been out of work for a long time , the panic attacks are getting bad again , I have had a number of relatively minor but after so many years
17,null,null,still worrisome health problems in the last few months -- and worst of all ,
18,null,null,, I am still alone .
19,null,null,There are no prospects out there ; no one wants to be with me .
20,null,null,I am in a lot of pain
21,null,null,and I do not know how to make it better .
22,null,null,This is not just a temporary slump , it is my whole life , but
23,null,null,it hurts even worse now than it used to .
552 6
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,My one true wish I have had for
2,null,null,about 6 yrs
3,null,null,My one true wish I have had for about 6 years so I can die without making anybody sad .
4,null,null,is for everybody I have ever known to forget about me
5,null,null,But it still has not come true and
6,null,null,I am running out of willpower .
553 11
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am new to this
2,null,null,so I do not really know where to start so hopefully if I stumble a little you will help me out .
3,null,null,I am the mother of 4 beautiful children ranging in age from 10 - 10 months , I have a good job , a loving supportive husband and several very good friends .. and
4,null,null,I am once again in relapse , and on medication .
5,null,null,I do not know why I thought that I was ok .
6,null,null,Maybe because I had been drug free in my treatment for the last 2 1/2 yrs , or ?
7,null,null,because things did not seem so chaotic this time before someone noticed I was " different "
8,null,null,There was NO one thing I could determine that triggered me this time
9,null,null,and it is worse now than it was the last time .
10,null,null,I am hoping that perhaps some of you might be able to assist me in understanding what happened , because quite frankly I thought I would be ok after the last treatment I had ..
11,null,null,and it was all in vain
554 38
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,My mother pt.2 I posted about my issues with my mother the other day , and
2,null,null,I have discovered new information .
3,null,null,She is been complaining to her boyfriend , and
4,null,null,he has a busy mouth , so naturally he is spilled it all .
5,null,null,I have learned that my mother never wanted me to move back in with her after I lost my apartment , and
6,null,null,she is been saying she buys me lots of things : clothes , computers , etc .
7,null,null,And I just toss them aside and .
8,null,null,never use them , because I am an ungrateful child
9,null,null,So she just took the stuff and .
10,null,null,started wearing the clothes
11,null,null,None of that is true .
12,null,null,What is probably going on here is that she is buying herself things , and using me as a scapegoat
13,null,null,so she does not have to tell her boyfriend she has money , or .
14,null,null,bought things for herself
15,null,null,Or she is just delusional and making shit up .
16,null,null,Maybe even that she is stealing clothes from me and .
17,null,null,covering that way
18,null,null,I could believe any of that .
19,null,null,Either way , she wants me to leave , and
20,null,null,I know she does .
21,null,null,And that hurts like a mother .
22,null,null,No pun intended .
23,null,null,What I want to do is get custody of my younger brother , and leave the state .
24,null,null,Just start over , and .
25,null,null,make sure my brother is raised in a safe and nurturing environment
26,null,null,Because I can not live with knowing that he is growing up in the same toxicity that I did , and how it will fuck him up like it did me .
27,null,null,She is two - facing everyone ; talking shit to one person , then
28,null,null,smiling to the person is face she just trashed .
29,null,null,And if anyone tries to call her out , she gets pissed and plays dumb .
30,null,null,Her sugar daddies have been showing up at the house .
31,null,null,She does drugs on the daily .
32,null,null,She is going to end up old , a lone , and
33,null,null,with her kids and family hating her , no one coming to see her .
34,null,null,I am ready to disown her .
35,null,null,It just hurts .
36,null,null,Why is she like this ?
37,null,null,Why does it have to be this way ?
38,null,null,It hurts .
555 9
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Do you ever zone out and ?
2,null,null,feel like you are a thousand miles away or dreaming when people are talking
3,null,null,Do you ever feel , ( for example ) , watching people argue , having a conversation or a situation playing out in front of you or a person talking to you and you feel like you are a thousand miles away in a happy place or you are watching the scene play out on TV or in a dream ?
4,null,null,This started happening to me once ever 6 months , then once every 3 , then every month and now once a week .
5,null,null,It lasts 20 - 25 seconds maximum
6,null,null,but afterwards I feel calm and relaxed and .
7,null,null,as if I am not there anymore
8,null,null,Am I alive ?
9,null,null,It is hard to explain
556 7
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Fundamentally Disinterested in Life Itself Even if I were not depressed , life does not even seem all that appealing .
2,null,null,Work a lousy job 40 + hours a week .
3,null,null,Force yourself into social situations .
4,null,null,Come home to do errands and busy work .
5,null,null,If you are lucky , a hobby or two in any free time you may end up having .
6,null,null,Sprinkle in some random tragedies and unforeseen hardships and repeat on loop for 60 odd years .
7,null,null,I absolutely never signed up for this .
557 48
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Hi all , I am Jason .
2,null,null,I am 29 and married .
3,null,null,I was divorced once and .
4,null,null,have two children from a previous marriage
5,null,null,My wife is 5 months pregnant .
6,null,null,I am happy
7,null,null,sometimes then other times i feel like dying .
8,null,null,I am not sure what is wrong with me
9,null,null,but my depression keeps getting worse .
10,null,null,I am taking lexapro currently .
11,null,null,I have been on paxil before .
12,null,null,I get easily frustrated and .
13,null,null,get pissed off at everyone around me sometimes
14,null,null,Then I feel really bad about it .I
15,null,null,usually beat myself up for a day or two after that .
16,null,null,I feel like everyone wants me to do too many things at once .
17,null,null,I just want some rest and peace .
18,null,null,I have had lots of thoughts of suicide .
19,null,null,The people I know bother me with the way they talk .
20,null,null,I wish I was by myself .Only
21,null,null,my family on an island away from all the peopleHi
22,null,null,all , I am Jason .
23,null,null,I am 29 and married .
24,null,null,I was divorced once and .
25,null,null,have two children from a previous marriage
26,null,null,My wife is 5 months pregnant .
27,null,null,I am happy
28,null,null,sometimes then other times i feel like dying .
29,null,null,I am not sure what is wrong with me
30,null,null,but my depression keeps getting worse .
31,null,null,I am taking lexapro currently .
32,null,null,I have been on paxil before .
33,null,null,I get easily frustrated and .
34,null,null,get pissed off at everyone around me sometimes
35,null,null,Then I feel really bad about it .I
36,null,null,usually beat myself up for a day or two after that .
37,null,null,I feel like everyone wants me to do too many things at once .
38,null,null,I just want some rest and peace .
39,null,null,I have had lots of thoughts of suicide .
40,null,null,The people I know bother me with the way they talk .
41,null,null,I wish I was by myself .Only
42,null,null,my family on an island away from all the people .
43,null,null,I am sorry I am ranting about nothing .
44,null,null,I am confused and lost in this world .
45,null,null,I want to end it .
46,null,null,I am sorry I am ranting about nothing .
47,null,null,I am confused and lost in this world .
48,null,null,I want to end it .
558 7
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Does anyone else get droopy face
2,null,null,When i feel extra crap ( half the time )
3,null,null,my face and eyelids feel heavy .
4,null,null,I am sure it is the mood cos
5,null,null,i do not get it when I am feeling ok .
6,null,null,I used to get my whole body feeling like that
7,null,null,when i was super depressed ..
559 43
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Why did they forget me ?
2,null,null,I was never someone people would consider anti - social .
3,null,null,Rather , I was the opposite .
4,null,null,I loved talking to people , meeting new people , and just being social .
5,null,null,In highschool , I never had a " group " of friends per se , but
6,null,null,I knew almost everyone in my grade , and was friends with a lot of them .
7,null,null,After high school , I went to a local university , so
8,null,null,I would have to commute to my school , unlike the rest of my classmates who went to to schools further away .
9,null,null,My current university is a huge commuter school , so
10,null,null,there is no on campus experience to be had , and I am actually transferring to a local community college instead , so I can transfer out later .
11,null,null,Through all this , the friends I had in high school have all kind of forgotten about me .
12,null,null,Even in high school , I would be the first to message people , or the one to initiate hangouts and whatnots .
13,null,null,But now , in college , its the same but .
14,null,null,so
15,null,null,much more lonely
16,null,null,All my friends are away , and
17,null,null,I am rotting here .
18,null,null,I feel so alone .
19,null,null,On top of this , I miss my ex from a year ago .
20,null,null,We went from meeting , to best friends , to huge fallout , to reconciliation , to best friends , to dating , to nothing .
21,null,null,I miss the friend part .
22,null,null,This loss has dampened my mood for a year now .
23,null,null,Just overall , I feel so lonely .
24,null,null,A year ago I felt on top of the world , and
25,null,null,now , I am back to shit .
26,null,null,All I ever wanted was someone to message me first saying " Hey dude , how are ya ?
27,null,null,"
28,null,null,Its been a while " .
29,null,null,The worst was Thanksgiving break , where I had excitedly messaged a few people saying I am so happy to see them
30,null,null,and we ( read :
31,null,null,I asked to ) made plans to hangout .
32,null,null,A lot of them fell through .
33,null,null,Others postponed till Christmas break .
34,null,null,I messaged 28 people one day , desperate to talk to someone .
35,null,null,I feel like I will never be
36,null,null,anyone is " everything " ya know ?
37,null,null,I want a dog .
38,null,null,Not just because its cute and all ,
39,null,null,but I want a companion that will never forget me , and will love me .
40,null,null,I hate myself .
41,null,null,Depression sucks .
42,null,null,Loneliness sucks .
43,null,null,I just want to cry .
560 24
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Hello .
2,null,null,I am a 40 year - old woman , and
3,null,null,I am feeling quite lost right now .
4,null,null,I have always been sort of depressed , but .
5,null,null,have never been given a formal diagnosis
6,null,null,That may change tomorrow .
7,null,null,I have an appointment with a shrink .
8,null,null,My psychiatrist put me on Prozac 3 years ago .
9,null,null,I was diagnosed with breast cancer when I was 34 , and .
10,null,null,needed some help getting past that
11,null,null,I am adopted ( a biggie for relationship issues ) , ,
12,null,null,was married at the age of 18
13,null,null,had 3 kids by the time I was 40 , and I am having a hard time transitioning to my new stage in life ( sort of empty nest syndrome , I guess )
14,null,null,I should be thrilled with my life .
15,null,null,I make oodles of money , my kids are all fairly successful & just about on their own , but
16,null,null,I am miserable .
17,null,null,My husband and I are in a sort of " friendship " relationship , I could care less if he stays or goes .
18,null,null,I started having panic attacks after my 40th birthday few weeks ago ; I actually thought I was having a heart attack .
19,null,null,So now , I am on 30 mg Prozac & .05 Klonadine ( 1/2 pill at a time ) 3 times a day .
20,null,null,I can not quit crying .
21,null,null,So .. how long does a psychology test take .
22,null,null,How long will it take for them to diagnose me with something ?
23,null,null,These drugs are not doing a whole lot .
24,null,null,Any help would be appreciated .
561 31
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I have never liked myself .
2,null,null,Honestly , I think that my entire life I have been depressed , but
3,null,null,now that I am older ( 19 y / o ) , I have realized what it actually is .
4,null,null,All my life
5,null,null,I remember hating myself and wishing I could be somebody else .
6,null,null,I thought it was normal .
7,null,null,I always envied just about everyone else and .
8,null,null,thought the worst about myself and every action I took
9,null,null,The only time I
10,null,null,*
11,null,null,ever * felt happy about myself was after a psilocybin mushroom trip .
12,null,null,But that is besides the point .
13,null,null,I have always hated myself
14,null,null,but I was too naive to know what it was
15,null,null,and I thought it was normal .
16,null,null,Why can not I be normal ?
17,null,null,Edit :
18,null,null,You know what , fuck this
19,null,null,I am gon na edit this .
20,null,null,I do not think I will get better .
21,null,null,I do not think there is a better way of living .
22,null,null,Anytime I am " happy " or " over it " , it all comes crashing the fuck down and becomes 10x worse .
23,null,null,I do not trust that fucking shit called " happiness " .
24,null,null,It is always a lie and .
25,null,null,always lets me down
26,null,null,I would rather be depressed and suicidal because at least I know it is real .
27,null,null,It is not some bullshit fleeting feeling that I get that leads to disappointment .
28,null,null,Reddit comments and therapists and shit can tell me I am mistaken , but
29,null,null,that is all bullshit because it is all a fucking lie and the only real emotion is emptiness , fear , self loathing , and paranoia .
30,null,null,Sorry , but for me that is it .
31,null,null,Case closed .
562 35
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Depressed people get sick , too ; How stigma in the medical community made me sicker I have often found myself in a chicken and egg situation with my doctors when it comes to depression .
2,null,null,When I say I am sick , they are too quick to assume the depression is the cause of my pain and not the other way around .
3,null,null,After five minutes listening to me breathe , looking into my throat , and and touching the outside of my neck , they are stumped so it must be mental illness .
4,null,null,It got the the point that when I was having severe abdominal pain , I did not go to the hospital .
5,null,null,I had to push for any kind of testing , which took forever .
6,null,null,When I finally found a doctor who listened to me , she told me I should have gone to the ER .
7,null,null,Then I was depressed about that ; I had let the other doctors make me doubt my own sanity .
8,null,null,Turns out , I have been pretty sick and needed surgery .
9,null,null,Nearly all of the issues they blamed on depression were due to a chronic , painful illness with no cure .
10,null,null,It is bittersweet , I have solved a big piece of the puzzle for sure .
11,null,null,But I am still struggling a lot .
12,null,null,I just found out that I may be infertile .
13,null,null,After my doctor said having a baby could help my condition .
14,null,null,So that was depressing too .
15,null,null,( I do not think my depression caused my infertility .
16,null,null,Checkmate , doctors ! )
17,null,null,I did start seeing a psychiatrist , and
18,null,null,he is a kind man .
19,null,null,He diagnosed me with depression and anxiety .
20,null,null,He has never suggested that my depression is the cause of my physical problems , and
21,null,null,he seems to be sympathetic to me as a chronic pain patient .
22,null,null,He is given me depression medication , but
23,null,null,I do not know how much it is helping .
24,null,null,Chronic illness is a thing that happens to people and
25,null,null,it is just * depressing
26,null,null,* .
27,null,null,I have always had depression , but
28,null,null,this just makes it worse .
29,null,null,He has never dismissed me for feeling that way or written off my pain as being in my head .
30,null,null,Just wanted to share my experience with others who might understand .
31,null,null,People with depression can experience health issues and .
32,null,null,get dismissed so easily
33,null,null,It took me years and years to get anywhere .
34,null,null,It is a struggle to cope with both mental and physical illness .
35,null,null,Here is to getting through today , friends .
563 25
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,My long - term relationship ended without a breakup conversation .
2,null,null,My bf just ghosted me and .
3,null,null,stopped talking to me without any explanation
4,null,null,I am feeling very depressed and ?
5,null,null,need some advice
6,null,null,I ( 22 / f ) found out through Instagram that my long - term bf ( 23 / m ) was cheating on me with multiple women .
7,null,null,I have noticed the last month together he is been distant and acting strangely .
8,null,null,Now all his strange behavior makes sense .
9,null,null,After I found out I texted him letting him know that I found out about the cheating and that I lost all respect for him .
10,null,null,He did not even bother responding or .
11,null,null,giving me a call
12,null,null,There was no text back , no phone call back .
13,null,null,Zero conversation .
14,null,null,I sent the text a week ago .
15,null,null,I loved him so much
16,null,null,and I can not believe after all this time together
17,null,null,he is just going to ghost me and leave me without a final conversation .
18,null,null,Him ignoring me is so awful and selfish and .
19,null,null,is mind - boggling to me
20,null,null,I went ahead and .
21,null,null,deleted his number and deleted him off social media
22,null,null,Moving forward , how can I feel better about the whole situation ?
23,null,null,I feel sick to my stomach and absolutely awful .
24,null,null,I have been crying so much and .
25,null,null,just want to start feeling better
564 38
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Hi i am a 34 mum of 5 kids
2,null,null,i had severe postnatal depression 8years ago and
3,null,null,was sent to
4,null,null,a " special hospital"(that is what my kids call it ciz
5,null,null,it helped mummy get better ) for a week .
6,null,null,i was on depressants 4 nearly 4 years .
7,null,null,I have just divorced kids ' dad after 16years and
8,null,null,moved house ab find myself back on the tabs in the 3 weeks
9,null,null,I have been seeing my doctor they have changed my tabs twice and just updated them
10,null,null,so now I am on double dose of them both .
11,null,null,i also see a counselor .
12,null,null,I am due for my second visit soon and
13,null,null,i also have to see a counselor from the " special hospital" .. I have been seeing this guy , an this weekend
14,null,null,i sort of told him i do not want to see him no more as he only wants to see me at the weekends as he lives in dif town from me
15,null,null,n has his own issues so he moving back to his hometown ..
16,null,null,now i need the support of him ..
17,null,null,he thinks he can still give me the support i need even though he miles away
18,null,null,thing that scares me is every time my kids shout at each other
19,null,null,i find i start shaking from the stomach
20,null,null,then my hole body starts if i try to stop it
21,null,null,it becomes worse to the extent when i was driving this morning
22,null,null,my leg was visibly shaking an my son asked why i was ..
23,null,null,i find i cry at the most silliest things
24,null,null,e.g. if one my boys offers to make me a drink or to stuff that would not bother me ..
25,null,null,i could go on
26,null,null,but i wo nt bore u
27,null,null,now I am at a lost as i told some of my family what is going on
28,null,null,but i feel a failure an helpless as i ca nt be strong for the kids the kids go away for a week with there dad soon
29,null,null,so i have that to look 4ward to
30,null,null,but I am scared 4 when they come back
31,null,null,just incase
32,null,null,i do not want them people tell me not to be silly because it will not happen like that ..
33,null,null,everything i look at or feel is all negative or
34,null,null,i think the worse of everything or everyone .
35,null,null,I am getting the help i need b4 it got to bad
36,null,null,and i ended going back to " special hosp "
37,null,null,but i feel as though i should not be feeling like this
38,null,null,an ca nt find ways of stopping it .. as i said to people all i want is a big black hole to open up an let me out when i FEEL ready
565 45
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Still recovering from ex - girlfriend To preface this , I am sure anyone who reads this has seen something similar on this sub a million times already .
2,null,null,This is long and the last three paragraphs are my main point , the rest is just an explanation of my previous relationship .
3,null,null,A little over a year ago my ex
4,null,null,and I finally split after a long year and .
5,null,null,a half of on and offs filled with tons of emotional abuse
6,null,null,It was mainly her abusing me at first , getting angry for not texting her quickly enough , coming at my neck for hanging out with friends everynight
7,null,null,( I assume was because she stayed home all the time ) and so on .
8,null,null,The last couple times we dated she was always angry with me for cheating ( which I never did ) later to find out
9,null,null,she was the one cheating on me .
10,null,null,I was extremely depressed once we finally cut ties that I went back and talked to her
11,null,null,and then she told me she cheated in detail
12,null,null,so she could bring me down more .
13,null,null,After the breakup I ended up getting sick and after a couple months could not even bring myself to take care of myself .
14,null,null,Small stuff like wearing my retainer and showering before
15,null,null,5 pm was the hardest part of my day .
16,null,null,I know that seems small
17,null,null,but it plays into how I feel now .
18,null,null,3 months after the breakup I started talking to a friend I met through my ex
19,null,null,( however they were not and still are not friends anymore )
20,null,null,and we have been happily together for almost a year now .
21,null,null,There was a lot of useless drama with my ex about this which has been resolved but she still tries to harass me and my girlfriend .
22,null,null,Last month she texted my phone from her friends number trying to harass me
23,null,null,and it was just ridiculous .
24,null,null,Unfortunately I have to see her in May for my girlfriend
25,null,null,is prom
26,null,null,, they are in the same senior class and .
27,null,null,I an currently a college sophomore
28,null,null,I still feel as though I am in a rough place and do not physically look as good as I should .
29,null,null,Stuff such as my teeth and acne and other results of that loss of hygeine that I still struggle with makes me feel like I have been doing worse than her , which I know should not matter
30,null,null,but it still bothers me .
31,null,null,I have tried getting my old habits back which work for a month
32,null,null,and then I lose track again .
33,null,null,I guess my overall issue is I compare myself how I was when with her to where I am now , mostly with my appearance .
34,null,null,I am also still very depressed and .
35,null,null,feel that it puts me below her now
36,null,null,My only real win is that I have nearly kicked my drug addiction
37,null,null,( mainly weed , I was using it to runaway from my problems )
38,null,null,but now I can not seem too kick my other habits of nicotine addiction and taking any kind of pill or cough syrup just to not be sober .
39,null,null,I have distanced myself from friends
40,null,null,and I simply feel lost and useless to the world .
41,null,null,In college I can not make new friends and
42,null,null,just sit in my dorm room wishing I could go back and start over
43,null,null,so I could be healthier than I am now .
44,null,null,I am looking for advice or anyone to be straightforward with me on any aspect of my situation .
45,null,null,Thank you to anyone who reads this and responds !
566 15
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am the person everyone refers to when they say " There is always someone worse .
2,null,null,"
3,null,null,Extremely stupid
4,null,null,; embarassing myself on a daily basis with my poor IQ and lack of understanding anything .
5,null,null,Lost a VOLUNTEER job because I am an idiot and kept screwing things up , and
6,null,null,everybody wanted me gone .
7,null,null,Ca not control my own pet dog , in too much trouble .
8,null,null,Financially in a dangerous situation .
9,null,null,Unable to find a single thing in life I am good at , and therefore enjoy .
10,null,null,Forever single due to my weird nature and orientation .
11,null,null,Losing connection with family members due to my questionable morality .
12,null,null,Can not find work that will suit my long - term heart and breathing issue .
13,null,null,No motivation to do anything anymore .
14,null,null,Can not do basic tasks .
15,null,null,I can not even lace my shoes properly .
567 19
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I thought things were getting better ..
2,null,null,Sorry for the little rant ..
3,null,null,I just needed to say this somewhere .
4,null,null,After recently getting out of the hospital for a(nother ) attempt at my life , I was surrounded by family and friends who want to support me .
5,null,null,For a couple days this almost gave me a high , thinking that maybe I really am glad I was not able to go through with it or that maybe I was beating these years of depressiveness .
6,null,null,Not even just after a week of getting out of the mental ward , I fantasize about what I could have done differently to have made sure I died that night .
7,null,null,Going forward
8,null,null,I thought I would be happy being able to see my younger siblings and my dog again , yet
9,null,null,the only thing I can think of is them knowing
10,null,null,I tried killing myself , and
11,null,null,that I have added just another thing to deal with and another burden on them .
12,null,null,I will now be treated with * care
13,null,null,*
14,null,null,and people will be on guard around me , and
15,null,null,I did not want to do that to them .
16,null,null,This semester has started again and
17,null,null,I have already missed the first week , and while part of me just wants to drop everything , I can not afford to start paying back the loans .
18,null,null,I just want to curl into a ball and not exist and have to deal with it all .
19,null,null,TLR - trying to take the easy way out has just made everything harder .
568 14
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am a 26 year old female that has had depression since i could remember i started cutting myself in high school and stopped when i graduated with very few relapses but
2,null,null,for the past year i have been wanting to
3,null,null,i just recently had a son who is my pride and joy but
4,null,null,my son is the only thing that i have in my life .
5,null,null,his father is not around and
6,null,null,everything in my life just seems to be getting worse .
7,null,null,i constantly stare at the razor in my hand and
8,null,null,just want to release all this pain and sorrow and loneliness that i feel
9,null,null,but i can not bring the razor down because i can only think what my one year old son would think if he knew what i wanted to do
10,null,null,i just need to know another way to release the pain
11,null,null,cause i can not figure anything out
12,null,null,i know how cutting makes me feel released
13,null,null,but i know that i can not do it anymore .
14,null,null,help me
569 45
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Feeling numb
2,null,null,I have realized that if I can not talk to someone about my feelings then the next best thing is to write them down and seek advice from reddit
3,null,null,so here I am .
4,null,null,I am on campus right now preparing for my midterm and
5,null,null,my confidence is at an all time low .
6,null,null,I have not even seen the paper and
7,null,null,already I feel as if I have lost .
8,null,null,I never thought I would reach such a low in my life .
9,null,null,Something weird happened today .
10,null,null,I finally set up a countdown timer to the day my exam results are announced .
11,null,null,That seemed like the next logical step and
12,null,null,it made complete sense to me in a weird way .
13,null,null,The only thing that made me remove that was talking to my parents and seeing the hope and love for me in their eyes .
14,null,null,I know my life is not truly mine and that if I hurt myself then I also hurt other people but it is just getting too much .
15,null,null,The thought is always there in my mind and for the past few days that voice has gotten stronger .
16,null,null,I have been through this period before and
17,null,null,had come out nearly unharmed and at the beginning of the year I was feeling optimistic about what is to come
18,null,null,but that lasted all of one month .
19,null,null,The future I was dreaming of looks bleak and distant and with every passing minute that future keeps on going farther and farther away from me .
20,null,null,I try very hard to keep my guard up near people I know and love
21,null,null,but it is becoming harder and harder to do so .
22,null,null,I used to think that I was destined to do some good in the world
23,null,null,but maybe that was just me being delusional .
24,null,null,It is getting harder to keep the tears in .
25,null,null,Whenever I used to feel numb , I used to punch the wall just to feel something but
26,null,null,even that is not helping now .
27,null,null,All I wanna do is talk to someone and pour my heart out
28,null,null,but I do not know if I have the strength left to do that .
29,null,null,Getting out of bed is starting to feel like a struggle and
30,null,null,for the first time in a while I am afraid of myself , of what I might do if things do not go my way .
31,null,null,I know that this is not the end of the line
32,null,null,but why does it feel like it is ?
33,null,null,How can anyone recover from such a failure ?
34,null,null,It is gotten so bad that I would much rather prefer that I disappeared than having to tell my parents what is wrong .
35,null,null,Depression is nothing new for my university and
36,null,null,it would not be the first time that someone took a drastic step
37,null,null,and now I know why they did what they did .
38,null,null,The pressure and stress which comes with a university as respected as mine , is just too much to handle .
39,null,null,I am almost inclined to reveal my university
40,null,null,is name just in case
41,null,null,someone is able to figure out who I am
42,null,null,and I can finally get the respite I desire so much .
43,null,null,All around me I see happy faces
44,null,null,and I can only hope that one day I can leave all this behind me and be happy but
45,null,null,in the meantime I guess I just have to struggle on and wait for the light at the end of the tunnel .
570 16
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,i am not really sure what i want to say here .
2,null,null,I was sexually abused by my brother from the age of 4 until i was about 17 .
3,null,null,He hung himself when i was 20 .
4,null,null,i am 34 now and .
5,null,null,just finding it hard to get a handle on life
6,null,null,I never really thought of what happened to me as being a big deal but
7,null,null,my partner has made me think again about what happened in the past .
8,null,null,my most formative years were disrupted and
9,null,null,i believe i am still suffering as a result .
10,null,null,I suppose i am just wondering if anyone has any advice or knows of anyone who was in a similar situation .
11,null,null,I am in counseling at the moment and .
12,null,null,am just starting to face my demons
13,null,null,I came off my depression / anxiety medications .
14,null,null,i felt they were stopping me from really feeling
15,null,null,and i felt i needed to be fully aware of my feeling in order to work through this and be able to let go .
16,null,null,at the moment i do not see an end to all this .
571 6
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Browsing r / nostalgia was a mistake Looking through that sub
2,null,null,just makes me cry .
3,null,null,It reminds me of how quickly time passes , and .
4,null,null,how I feel like I never utilized my childhood years to create lasting memories
5,null,null,I was just a passive observer , always waiting for my happiness to arrive .
6,null,null,It never did .
572 40
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am starting to feel really frustrated with life because there are things I do not understand about the world .
2,null,null,My problem is I think too much
3,null,null,and I wish I was off in space thinking about a night out in the city
4,null,null,but I am not .
5,null,null,Instead I focus on every negative thing I can .
6,null,null,I would never kill myself and .
7,null,null,because I would not do that I really want to know how I can get over all this shit and be happy with what I got
8,null,null,I do not know if it is my mind playing the victim
9,null,null,but I feel like everyone close to me is out to hurt me .
10,null,null,For example I am 20
11,null,null,and I do not have a car .
12,null,null,I can understand I should already have it like two years ago
13,null,null,but this a prime point for my parents to pick on me .
14,null,null,For some reason my mom got herself into a bit of a mood and .
15,null,null,started having a go at me which caused me to end up in tears because she told me I am hopeless and so are all my brothers and that I am an embarrassment
16,null,null,This is all because I do not have a car !
17,null,null,She is usually really caring
18,null,null,but she came out with all this stuff .
19,null,null,Am I going crazy or ?
20,null,null,is it really a huge deal to not yet have a car
21,null,null,Is it worth hurting your daughter over ? ?
22,null,null,Then there is my supposed " boyfriend " who picks on me about my weight .
23,null,null,I am not as thin as I once was .
24,null,null,I have put on about 10 kilos in 3 years .
25,null,null,I know it is not a good thing
26,null,null,but for ages everything was about my weight .
27,null,null,I used to weigh 54 kg which is tiny
28,null,null,and now I am 64 kg .
29,null,null,My boyfriend is at university and
30,null,null,thinks that my life holds no meaning because I apparently have no hobbies
31,null,null,and I just turn up to my " little job " .
32,null,null,I have friends that are completely selfish and
33,null,null,I always end up paying for everything
34,null,null,and they can not even do me a simple favor .
35,null,null,I do not want to play the victim because I have been a punching bag for so many people who themselves have played the victim
36,null,null,so it is nothing I would aspire to be .
37,null,null,I could write pages and pages and pages of how annoyed I am
38,null,null,but I thought I would just give an idea .
39,null,null,I am sick of people being the way they are to me and making me out to be a energy drain .
40,null,null,Does anyone know what to do to not feel bad about who you are ?
573 30
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Trying to understand my depressed
2,null,null,SO I am sorry if I am posting in the wrong sub .
3,null,null,I just figured
4,null,null,you guys could offer perspective
5,null,null,So my SO is away for work ( for more than a month ) , but
6,null,null,we are still in the same time zone .
7,null,null,Lately , he is been having bad episodes , but
8,null,null,a week ago he said he had a really session with his therapist there .
9,null,null,( I am proud to say that he said I was the only person who managed to convince him to seek professional help ! )
10,null,null,So , okay , so far so good .
11,null,null,When he has bad days , sometimes he likes to " check out of the world " .
12,null,null,He also feels that opening up about his struggles might be too much of a burden for me .
13,null,null,But we had a discussion before wherein I said ,
14,null,null,I understand that you might need space , but .
15,null,null,let me know if you are having a bad day , and you are not in a chatty mood
16,null,null,Not sure if this was the right approach , but
17,null,null,this was the time before the therapist and after we learned that he had to be away for more than a month .
18,null,null,And for the most part , he is been open with me .
19,null,null,This weekend really bothered me because it was radio silence , despite my check ins , and despite not asking " how are you questions " .
20,null,null,For example , we are both big football / soccer fans
21,null,null,so I tried to talk about the World Cup .
22,null,null,He is a huge fan of the French team which won the Cup .
23,null,null,Nothing .
24,null,null,My anxious nature is making things more challenging because now I am thinking is it the depression or relationship issues ?
25,null,null,My anxious self might pester him for answers but
26,null,null,I am not sure if that is helpful .
27,null,null,So , I am not sure how to go about this .
28,null,null,Let him be and try not to freak out until he returns ?
29,null,null,Advice greatly appreciated .
30,null,null,Thanks
574 24
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I can not stop thinking about suicide and
2,null,null,it is making it hard to do anything I ca nt get these thoughts of suicide out of my head .
3,null,null,The word just keeps popping up in my head .
4,null,null,I keep thinking of where I could go , or
5,null,null,what effect it would have .
6,null,null,I can not get it out of my head .
7,null,null,I have been staring at reddit doing absolutely nothing because every time i do something it keeps coming up again
8,null,null,and it just distracts me until i m slumped in my chair staring or lying on the ground .
9,null,null,I used to smoke weed all the time , I like to think it helped me ignore my depression , but
10,null,null,it really just made my depression make me more useless than i already am .
11,null,null,I do not see the any sort of happy ending to my life .
12,null,null,The happiest i can see myself attain is dying alone with a self - published book that s gone unread till I die , then maybe someone will read it .
13,null,null,I do nt see myself ever finding love
14,null,null,, I see friends leaving every minute , every conversation I have with family only makes them hate me more .
15,null,null,I try so hard everyday .
16,null,null,I feel like i m the only one trying .
17,null,null,I adapt to my friends , they never pay me mind .
18,null,null,I adapt to my family , they do nt pay me mind .
19,null,null,Its easier staying in my room all day .
20,null,null,Where I do not have to exhaust myself in adapting to everyone .
21,null,null,Where I do not fuck everything up .
22,null,null,I just want to do my homework .
23,null,null,I do not want these thoughts anymore .
24,null,null,I am not sure i actually will .
575 26
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,During my high school years I was always a little " klooster "
2,null,null,never went out that much never did anything bad ..
3,null,null,When I left school I moved to Johannesburg and from there
4,null,null,moved to my mom in Mpumalanga , South Africa , a day before my 21st birthday I got raped .. the most terrible feeling ever , I was not wearing any revealing clothes ,
5,null,null,had jeans a t - shirt and tekkies on
6,null,null,, how do you explain this .
7,null,null,I always believed that those girls , wearing the most revealing clothes are the ones that ask for it , but ?
8,null,null,do they really
9,null,null,I can not see how any one can ask for this , it is the worst thing that can ever happen to you .
10,null,null,A few months thereafter I had to have an abortion due to the fact that I could not keep the baby ..
11,null,null,I was way too young , I never and still up until date , do not believe in this type thing , but
12,null,null,now I think ?
13,null,null,Was it the right thing to do , will you ever be able to face the child the same way you will face a child born into a happy and wonderful marriage ?
14,null,null,I also suffer from depression , high blood pressure and all those wonderful things , I got married in December 2005 and due to me and my fiance having a big argument with my dad , he never walked me down the aisle on my big day and
15,null,null,me and my husband had to pay for the whole wedding
16,null,null,, I feel awful , but the things my dad said and done can never be forgiven .
17,null,null,My stepsister had a baby at the end of December and
18,null,null,she is getting married now in April 2006 ,
19,null,null,guess who is doing and paying for her wedding ..
20,null,null,I feel sick , sick of people always walking over me , always stuffing it in my face and my frustration gets taken out on the wrong people , my husband is the one getting it ?
21,null,null,I battle to have healthy sex , due to the fact that every time I close my eyes , I see this person on top of me , forcing himself in
22,null,null,, I feel guilty to have kids , how can I have more , if I killed one ?
23,null,null,How can I bring up a family if my own family is up to shit ..
24,null,null,I often find myself wondering why ?
25,null,null,Why me
26,null,null,, why am I the one crying myself to sleep , why do I have to keep myself in tone , to prevent a stroke , especially at my young age ? ?
576 17
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Reminder that it will get better .
2,null,null,Everyday I get home from my part time job , I cry for at least half an hour before I get up to go inside and finish the rest of my day .
3,null,null,Everyday I feel and .
4,null,null,believe that things just keep getting heavier to deal with
5,null,null,That my life will not become healthier and
6,null,null,I will not ever be happy .
7,null,null,It is one issues after the next , or all at once
8,null,null,and I keep wanting
9,null,null,( sometimes do ) push it off to the side .
10,null,null,Everyday I also remind myself that it will get better .
11,null,null,Sitting here alone , sobbing my eyes out while texting this post , I do not believe it in these moments , but
12,null,null,I am not giving myself any other choice / exception .
13,null,null,I will beat this and .
14,null,null,be happy
15,null,null,Depression and anxiety and all that jazz can suck the fun out of life in seconds .
16,null,null,I want to remind you all that even when you really do not believe it , keep telling yourself you will be happy and healthy .
17,null,null,I want all of you to , you deserve that at least .
577 32
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Well I am new here so here goes nothing .
2,null,null,I have been diagnosed clinically depressed , along with obsessive compulsive disorder .
3,null,null,I am 32 years old .
4,null,null,I have been divorced once and .
5,null,null,have since re - married
6,null,null,I have 2 children , 7 year old boy ( stepson ) and 4 1/2 year old girl .
7,null,null,I work for a state government agency repairing computers .
8,null,null,So far so good right ?
9,null,null,Well the major problems I am having is becoming a social recluse .
10,null,null,I have a REALLY hard time " letting things go " .
11,null,null,In 2005 , I lost both my sister ( suicide ) and my father ( heart attack ) , and
12,null,null,those events only added to the trauma I would been going through .
13,null,null,I live in a small town , so when I went to the doctor about possible ADHD
14,null,null,( i was moody , could not focus on work , could not complete tasks on time etc ) , they determined I was bipolar and put me on Effexor and Wellbutrin .
15,null,null,Well that just did absolutely nothing .
16,null,null,In fact my anger with the world increased dramatically and
17,null,null,I had rage episodes that about destroyed my second marriage .
18,null,null,I have had a lot of rage in the past .
19,null,null,Recently I have not had any outbursts .
20,null,null,I am currently taking Cymbalta and Celexa and
21,null,null,that seems to be a good combination .
22,null,null,But I still have a hard time going to work , and .
23,null,null,functioning throughout the day
24,null,null,I would rather stay at home , in my bedroom , away from people most of the time .
25,null,null,That is what bothers me .
26,null,null,I am on antidepressants , but
27,null,null,it does not seem to help me get motivated to face the world .
28,null,null,Does that come from within ?
29,null,null,Is there no magic pill that will all of a sudden make me feel confident ?
30,null,null,I guess that is good enough for now .
31,null,null,I have a ton of mental history but .
32,null,null,do not want to flood anybody
578 26
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Hi , sorry if this turns into a lengthy post , but
2,null,null,I could do with some advice , and I think this is probably the best place to ask .
3,null,null,Firstly , I should point out , I am a 19 year male .
4,null,null,My problem is that I am concerned by the physical effects the depression is having on me .
5,null,null,I have probably been suffering from depression for several years , but
6,null,null,I only sought medical help last November after I had a breakdown .
7,null,null,The doctor has prescribed me with Fluoxetine , and
8,null,null,I am taking 40 mg per day .
9,null,null,I originally started off on 20 mg per day , but
10,null,null,after I told the doctor what I will tell you now , about 2 months ago , he " upgraded " my status to severe depression , hence the increase in dosage .
11,null,null,I can appreciate that my mindset is slightly biased towards feeling negative , and , but
12,null,null,expecting the worst
13,null,null,nevertheless I can not help but feel my symptoms might be the result of an even more serious problem .
14,null,null,The medication has helped my mind ( even though I still have plenty of lows , they are not always as severe as they were 6 months ago ) , yet
15,null,null,my physical health is deteriorating to the point where that is the main factor preventing me from accomplishing day to day tasks .
16,null,null,My symptoms are as follows ( and they may be generalized , I will admit ) :
17,null,null,Constant fatigue , even after plenty of rest ; constant aching throughout the body ; generally feeling very weak , lacking energy and strength , e.g. carrying shopping home can leave my arms in agony ; loss of coordination , I have become very clumsy , always knocking glasses over , or dropping things for no reason ; occasional loss of balance , usually when getting up , or starting to walk from a stand still ; joints are feeling slightly stiff , they still move , but
18,null,null,I can feel more resistance than normal and they get very tired very quick if was to use them , or even just hold my arms straight out in front of me ; and for me , the worst symptom is an almost constant tremor in both hands and arms , which sometimes spreads throughout the body .
19,null,null,If I attempt slow , fine movements with my hands , the tremor becomes very clear and .
20,null,null,results in jerky movements
21,null,null,Also , I like to exercise , yet
22,null,null,after all exercises , even low intensity ones , the trembling seems to intensify .
23,null,null,I doubt it is anxiety , as I still shake when I am calm , relaxed and immobile .
24,null,null,I know I can not expect I diagnosis , but
25,null,null,I would appreciate it if anyone can tell me if the severity of the physical effects I am experiencing , is quite common , even when the mental state is much more relaxed and beginning to recover ?
26,null,null,Thanks for any help
579 24
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I see no way out , except to stop this life .
2,null,null,I am 59 years old and .
3,null,null,have not worked since 2004 due to depression and anxiety disorders
4,null,null,I live on social security disability .
5,null,null,I barely have enough money to live on .
6,null,null,I lost all my savings after losing my job as a teacher .
7,null,null,I did make my car payment , but
8,null,null,I could not pay my other bills .
9,null,null,I have about $ 14,00 in debts now .
10,null,null,I have not been able to work due to depression and panic attacks .
11,null,null,I should try to work , but
12,null,null,my teaching credential has expired .
13,null,null,I would have to move to another area to find a teaching job now , after being let go from my last job here .
14,null,null,I am afraid to move away .
15,null,null,At my age I should have savings and ) .
16,null,null,be ready for retirement ( and have retirement
17,null,null,But I have nothing .
18,null,null,I rent a room here in expensive Santa Barbara .
19,null,null,I am stuck in fear and nothingness .
20,null,null,I am scared and
21,null,null,I keep thinking of suicide , but I am afraid it will not work
22,null,null,and I will be worse off .
23,null,null,Is anybody in a situation like mine ?
24,null,null,Does anybody have any words of wisdom ?
580 6
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Who here forces themselves to act normal because of social anxiety ?
2,null,null,I have really strong anxiety and depression .
3,null,null,To the point where I hate being around people
4,null,null,yet I do not like " loneliness " .
5,null,null,When talking to people I try talking in a normal confident tone .
6,null,null,Other than not taking initiative on things you really can not tell I am depressed .
581 17
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Is anyone taking Lamictal ?
2,null,null,After trying almost every available antidepressant through the years , my psychiatrist is having me try Lamictal .
3,null,null,( I am 34 , -- have not really taking anything for about five years , with the exception of Zoloft back in January , which had terrible side effects . )
4,null,null,started taking medications when I was 18
5,null,null,Right now I am using the starter pack of Lamictal .
6,null,null,I took 25 mg for two weeks , and
7,null,null,now I am taking 50 mg for two weeks
8,null,null,( I am on my 17th day ) -- working my way up to 200 mg .
9,null,null,I do not know if I really like this medication .
10,null,null,It gives me headaches and .
11,null,null,affects my sleep
12,null,null,I think it also increases my anxiety , but
13,null,null,maybe that is in my head ?
14,null,null,I suppose the side effects are not " terrible " but I still feel somewhat drugged .
15,null,null,Has anyone else had success with Lamictal ?
16,null,null,I really do not like being on medication at all and .
17,null,null,can not believe I am going to end up taking 200 mg when right now I am only taking 50 mg and feel as if I am " on " something
582 18
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I just recently got a test back in one of my classes and .
2,null,null,saw that I totally failed it
3,null,null,Now I am worried about this class
4,null,null,and I can not afford to repeat anything , literally and figuratively .
5,null,null,I am older
6,null,null,so I do not have the time to go screw around and repeat classes and
7,null,null,I am sick of school as it is .
8,null,null,I hate the uphill battle , just barley hanging on .
9,null,null,Why ?
10,null,null,I did great in high school with a 3.5 GPA .
11,null,null,and I made straight A is a couple times in middle school .
12,null,null,Other people breeze through school and
13,null,null,it makes me angry that it is such a struggle for me just to get C is in college .
14,null,null,I am sick of this
15,null,null,I want it all to end , and
16,null,null,I still have a whole year after this semester .
17,null,null,And even that is not a guarantee the way things are going .
18,null,null,Just needed to rant .
583 16
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Horribly depressed lately .
2,null,null,Hello , my name is Jay and .
3,null,null,just like the title says , I am pretty depressed
4,null,null,Just ..
5,null,null,Ugh , nothing goes right these days .
6,null,null,I have always had issues with depression , but
7,null,null,the last two years have been especially hellish .
8,null,null,I do not even know where to start , but
9,null,null,I think the biggest problem is always being alone with my thoughts .
10,null,null,I do not have any friends or people like that , and
11,null,null,my hobbies do not even interest me enough anymore to keep my mind off it .
12,null,null,I have thought about and , one attempt just a few days ago , but
13,null,null,tried to kill myself before
14,null,null,I can not even do that right .
15,null,null,I do not know why I am even writing this , but .
16,null,null,if anyone sees it and wants to know more or anything , thanks for reading
584 18
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,On Monday I plan to finally go and get help from a Doctor
2,null,null,but I still have not told anyone I know how I am feeling .
3,null,null,It is not because I do not want to it
4,null,null,is just because I am scared my parents will not take me seriously or think they have done something wrong bring me up .
5,null,null,To tell you the truth I could not care what other people think of me
6,null,null,but I am just really worried what my family will think .
7,null,null,I am the oldest of 3 and
8,null,null,when I was at school
9,null,null,my dad pushed me hard to do well in studies and all that crap
10,null,null,but now I am older and
11,null,null,have done nothing at all with my life
12,null,null,I still do not know what to do with it .
13,null,null,I was even at college for a year but .
14,null,null,quit after a year because I could not seam to keep up no matter what I did
15,null,null,Anyway I am totally going off the point , I was just wondering if anyone would share with me how they managed to tell there parents ?
16,null,null,May sound stupid
17,null,null,but this is just the hardest thing for me to do
18,null,null,but I feel I really need to if I ever want to get over this !
585 28
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Social media makes me want to kill myself Constant updates , seeing everything in the world that you are not even close to a part of , seeing wealth , friends , family , your ex who has moved well on , friends who have done u wrong but seem to get an upper hand always out of an unfair situation , and .
2,null,null,laughs all around with everything just looking perfect
3,null,null,I have been sick of it .. since 2012 .
4,null,null,I deleted facebook and twitter in 2012 ( the worst ones imo )
5,null,null,BUTtt ..
6,null,null,I kept instagram since then and
7,null,null,added snapchat all so that society and my friends and people
8,null,null,I would meet in the future
9,null,null,would not judge me for not having any social media ..
10,null,null,hah .
11,null,null,It still fucking sucks .
12,null,null,I will never be able to escape it .
13,null,null,I will always see people I dislike even if I block them because a friend of a friend of a friend of a friend always pops up with them on my feed
14,null,null,Absolutely hate this shit now .
15,null,null,I was thinking back to myspace , one of the first social media sites , and
16,null,null,it was different
17,null,null,bc people did nt have it on their phones really ..
18,null,null,now all social media is mobile af .
19,null,null,You see it in groups , you see it at restaurants , you see it at work ,
20,null,null,fuck
21,null,null,you see it everywhere .
22,null,null,Like I mentioned , I can not escape this anymore .
23,null,null,If I delete it all , I am a loser lol .
24,null,null,i am weird
25,null,null,, I am this , I am that , I am somehow maybe creepy .
26,null,null,shut up .
27,null,null,This shit is a plague .
28,null,null,No wonder I want to leave this stupid fucking earth
586 22
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Hello , my name is Joe
2,null,null,and I have been battling some form of depression , but
3,null,null,I do not know what type or how severe it is .
4,null,null,I have a family history of bipolar depression but
5,null,null,I am not sure if this is a disease that is genetic to such an extent .
6,null,null,Does it skip generations ?
7,null,null,My moods swing from euphoria to deep depression to where I contemplate just cutting away from my life and vanish .
8,null,null,I am not suicidal ; just feel at times isolation is the answer .
9,null,null,I have one trigger I know of
10,null,null,and it is usually when I am lacking in knowledge of a current situation I may be in .
11,null,null,This make sense ?
12,null,null,Like tonight , I am out of town on business and .
13,null,null,working very late on some complex worksheets
14,null,null,I started getting depressed after the 12th hour of working and getting nowhere .
15,null,null,This will then lead to insomnia and
16,null,null,I will once again , for the second night in a row , be up all night working and mind
17,null,null,wandering contemplating just getting in my car and driving to a remote town and re - invent myself .
18,null,null,I have tried professional help , but
19,null,null,to no avail I am just as bad if not worse .
20,null,null,I figured since I am online most the day I would search for a forum that might lead me on a better path .
21,null,null,After all shucking corn in Nebraska for room and board is not such a great option the next morning .
22,null,null,Well thank you for this opportunity to at least get this off my mind for at least tonight .
587 33
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I think I have insomnia and depression .
2,null,null,I do not sleep at night .
3,null,null,I stay up and .
4,null,null,think
5,null,null,I toss and .
6,null,null,turn
7,null,null,My mind races .
8,null,null,And my life has gone nowhere .
9,null,null,I am in college and
10,null,null,lately I just have not been able to function .
11,null,null,At first I thought it was laziness , but
12,null,null,it is much more than that .
13,null,null,I do not even feel like doing the things I used to .
14,null,null,I do not feel like hanging out with my friends .
15,null,null,I am normally kind of introverted but
16,null,null,it has definitely gotten worse lately .
17,null,null,I have just wanted to be alone .
18,null,null,All i have been doing is sleeping during the day .. just laying around ..
19,null,null,zoning out ..
20,null,null,I really have not felt like doing anything at all .
21,null,null,All I want is to crawl into a hole and sleep forever .
22,null,null,I have so much to do schoolwork - wise
23,null,null,and I just can not too it .
24,null,null,I am physically , emotionally , and mentally weak .
25,null,null,I do not know what to do .
26,null,null,I was told to talk to our school counselor
27,null,null,but it is really hard for me to open up to new people , especially those I do not know .
28,null,null,I do not think I could explain my problems to him .
29,null,null,I do not know what to do .
30,null,null,I can not just snap back into life ..
31,null,null,I always end up here .. empty and depressed .
32,null,null,Why ? ?
33,null,null,What should I do ?
588 14
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I think for me some of the major issues affecting my depression are happiness , motivation and isolation
2,null,null,..
3,null,null,I am not really sure which came first , but
4,null,null,I voted motivation , as I do not seem to have any !
5,null,null,I can not remember the last time I truly felt ' happy ' either
6,null,null,- I think it was probably about 5 or 6 years ago when I was in college , had a great social life and
7,null,null,thought I was with a great guy
8,null,null,cially , I find it very difficult to stay in touch with people because I am paranoid that they do not really want to hear from me .
9,null,null,I lost touch with friends when I moved to college , and .
10,null,null,then lost friends when I moved back to my home town
11,null,null,Now I have very few friends , and .
12,null,null,feel the ones I do have do not really care too much about me
13,null,null,I hate sounding like I am feeling sorry for myself , but
14,null,null,it is hard to explain ..
589 25
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am a guy ..
2,null,null,well still a teen but
3,null,null,a guy , and the sad thing
4,null,null,is I feel such like a girl .
5,null,null,I am not into the macho thing , but
6,null,null,I cry all the time when I am not around people
7,null,null,, I feel like crap , I have swings where all of a sudden
8,null,null,I just get very very angry at people All these things .
9,null,null,I have never gone to a doctor out of fear of embarrassment and .
10,null,null,telling my parents what I feel
11,null,null,I hide it from them and .. but
12,null,null,try to hide it from others
13,null,null,it usually does not work .
14,null,null,Its been like this for a year now , but
15,null,null,as of late it does not end , before there was some couple of day breaks in between , but now everyday I am depressed .
16,null,null,I am sick of life ..
17,null,null,I want to end it , but
18,null,null,the only thing that is stopping me is what happens if I do .
19,null,null,I just can not get pass the action ..
20,null,null,what happens during it .
21,null,null,There is almost a physical feeling surrounding me ..
22,null,null,I feel it .
23,null,null,That is just how I feel .
24,null,null,Hope that gives insight .
25,null,null,Maybe it is the man in me to scared to go to a doctor .
590 17
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Lately i have been having some very vivid story - like dreams , normally i can not follow my dreams because they switch too quickly .
2,null,null,i had a dream where i took my grandmother
3,null,null,is large knife and a permanent marker and .
4,null,null,wrote my signature on it
5,null,null,Then later my mother found out about what i had done and
6,null,null,became so angry with what i had done
7,null,null,, that she made me cry , and i actually woke up crying .
8,null,null,Then later that day i took a nap
9,null,null,and i dreamt that i was being seduced by Tom Cruise , ( who had gained a lot of weight ) , and
10,null,null,when things began to heat up i rejected him , and he became very angry at me .
11,null,null,He then later came to the house where i was , and .
12,null,null,began trying to hurt me and the people around me ( which was an older lady , a young boy and teenage girl )
13,null,null,i could hear him saying " just kill them " and talking about how he was really embarrassed when i rejected him , and
14,null,null,he could do so much better than me .
15,null,null,i then proceeded to take the young boy into hiding , and
16,null,null,while hiding we were found and the boy hurt Tom defensively , but in a very graphic manor .
17,null,null,I can not understand why i am having such negative dreams , why they are so vivid , and what they all mean !
591 14
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am 16 years old .
2,null,null,I am having problems in school
3,null,null,and I feel like dropping out .
4,null,null,I also feel like committing suicide .
5,null,null,I have foster parents
6,null,null,and I do not like them one bit .
7,null,null,I cry every night because I miss my mom .
8,null,null,At this point in life I do not feel a need in living .
9,null,null,I really need your help and advice to make me feel more comfortable talking to my foster parents and to convince me not to kill myself .
10,null,null,I am a very suicidal person who is looking for help .
11,null,null,I have a record of cutting myself and burning myself
12,null,null,so i think that the cutting and burning led to suicidal attempts I am looking for help .
13,null,null,i do not know what led suicide
14,null,null,but if anyone has any advice on what i could do or any questions please tell me
592 25
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,The Last of Us
2,null,null,I just finished my second playthrough , PS3 (
3,null,null,i m poor , sue me bitch ) .
4,null,null,after the part with the cannibals , ellie sat on a bench and .
5,null,null,did not talk much
6,null,null,this , in combination with when she says " he tried to .. " to joel after she kills david , made me get a bit angry and sad .
7,null,null,then i thought about my female friends ( few as they may be ) and family and how if any ever hurt them in such a way , especially my family , well i think it is better if that is left unsaid .
8,null,null,had to pause the game for a min to cry .
9,null,null,i never thought i would be so depressed that a video game could make me cry
10,null,null,( and i have played a lot of games , over 1,200 trophies on PSN .
11,null,null,only this one made me cry ) .
12,null,null,and in retrospect , i now think i have come to appreciate at least one aspect of my depression : emotion and the appreciation of it .
13,null,null,sometimes i can look at someone , there body language .
14,null,null,, listen to them and feel there pain , suffering and sadness
15,null,null,i now appreciate The Last of Us , life and other people more .
16,null,null,although i did feel more alone afterwards ( especially since i think it would be wonderful to find a girl that has a personality like ellie is .
17,null,null,never had a gf , had any physical romantic interaction with a girl or .
18,null,null,even been on a date
19,null,null,i was 12 when the game was released and
20,null,null,will probably still be 16 when part 2 comes out , so we ai not dealin with no pedo shit in these christian suburbs )
21,null,null,it was definitely worth it .
22,null,null,-just
23,null,null,thought i would share that in the hopes that it would brighten someone is day .
24,null,null,I love you all .
25,null,null,, stay safe
593 15
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I have been abandoned by anyone I have ever loved .
2,null,null,My mother emptied the bank accounts and .
3,null,null,left while I was in school one day , 20 years ago
4,null,null,A few years later , my father followed suit , getting sent to prison and never contacting me again .
5,null,null,My brother lives across the country , have not spoken to him in years .
6,null,null,Sister actually lives a few miles away , .
7,null,null,have not spoken to her in months
8,null,null,And recently my girlfriend of 4 years , who I was planning on proposing to , left without any warning , not even a talk .
9,null,null,I have not spoken out loud to another human , barring work hours , in 3 weeks .
10,null,null,I received my last non work related text 2 weeks ago .
11,null,null,I keep trying to keep going , but
12,null,null,I want to give up .
13,null,null,I want to feel nothing .
14,null,null,I do not want to cry anymore .
15,null,null,And if I did , gave up , did the unthinkable , no one would know for months .
594 6
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I Just Found Out I am a Toxic Person I manipulate people
2,null,null,I ruin all my relationships I do not want to get help or change
3,null,null,I have
4,null,null,problems I shove said problems onto other people I cause other people to be angry I am extremely critical of everything and everyone
5,null,null,I blame others for my problems
6,null,null,I hate myself Thanks for reading
595 23
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,( I am 39 )
2,null,null,I say this to myself all the time , SJW ..
3,null,null,I never thought I would be in this position ..
4,null,null,but I am ..
5,null,null,and so are you ..
6,null,null,I can relate to you on many levels .
7,null,null,If I did not work for my father I am sure I would be unemployed .. due to my concentration problems , ATTENDANCE problems , uneven mood and unpredictable production level ..
8,null,null,so I am very lucky .
9,null,null,I can see what challenges you face .
10,null,null,I often thought that I might like to go into some sort of counseling because of my life experiences also .
11,null,null,Do you live in a big enough city that you can apply at some mental health clinics or government aid departments ?
12,null,null,Sometimes the willingness to do that kind of work can get you in the door .
13,null,null,It may be entry level , but
14,null,null,you could work up if it were a job that satisfied your needs .
15,null,null,What about like an activity director at a youth home , or a retirement village / senior home , or a special needs program ?
16,null,null,Here our recreation commission has a special populations program that coordinates trips and activities for the special population of the area .
17,null,null,They go on ski trips and day trips and
18,null,null,it looks very fun !
19,null,null,Of course it takes a certain frame of mind to be able to work with the special population of the world .
20,null,null,But I just mention it because you talked about counseling ..
21,null,null,I just wanted to clarify that although I am very lucky to have an income , it really fuels my depression sometimes to think about " how I am letting my dad down " or causing him extra crap to deal with ..
22,null,null,so lucky and .
23,null,null,not so lucky
596 33
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,When people with good intentions say the wrong shit ..
2,null,null,How do you deal with it ?
3,null,null,When someone who is just trying to help you says something that cuts you really deeply , or .
4,null,null,when they are pushing you when you just need them to back off while
5,null,null,How do you personally deal with it ?
6,null,null,Recently I had an Uncle who I was close with get involved trying to help with my depression and anxiety issues .
7,null,null,He encouraged me to go see a therapist again for the first time in years and was just there to talk and encourage .
8,null,null,Then when he saw progress he started pushing more and more
9,null,null,and I started getting really stressed .
10,null,null,Then when I had a break down and started slipping back
11,null,null,he took
12,null,null,said some shit to me which really cut me deep .
13,null,null,I stopped talking to him for a while after that .
14,null,null,He said things that confirmed what I thought people in my family were thinking abou me .
15,null,null,Now the issue I am facing .
16,null,null,I do not feel justified in being angry at him because he was trying to help
17,null,null,and he just got too excited at seeing progress that I had made many times before
18,null,null,and then he got frustrated when it came to a halt .
19,null,null,So now I just feel guilty at having the feelings and
20,null,null,the anger turns inward and eats me up .
21,null,null,But the anger and hurt do not go away from what he said either .
22,null,null,It is been months and
23,null,null,I just do not want to talk to or see him at all .
24,null,null,He is reaching out again and
25,null,null,I can not find the words to explain the anger and hurt I feel , because I feel like I should not be angry or hurt .
26,null,null,So it is just a big spiral of anger and shame .
27,null,null,The worst part is I do not know of
28,null,null,I can ever have the same relationship I had with him before .
29,null,null,We were buddies .
30,null,null,Even if I get over this I just do not know if the trust will ever be back .
31,null,null,This makes me sad .
32,null,null,I did not really want him involved , but
33,null,null,good intentions make it hard to tell people their help is not wanted .
597 21
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Dear reddit , happiness is not a choice for everyone I am sorry
2,null,null,but I need to get this off my chest in a place where people will understand me .
3,null,null,Dear people that think happiness is a choice , it is not .
4,null,null,Me or my fellow sufferers do not choose to be miserable .
5,null,null,In fact if it really was that simple , I am sure 99 % of us would choose to be happy without even having to think .
6,null,null,I feel sad because I have mental illness .
7,null,null,If you do not know , that means my brain is not normal .
8,null,null,My brain has deficiencies and such that keep me from feeling happy , even when I should .
9,null,null,I am so sick of reading replies to mine and other people
10,null,null,is post about depression that try to oversimplify a serious mental illness that can cause suicide .
11,null,null,I swear everyone on this website assumes we do nothing to try to help ourselves .
12,null,null,I really can not believe people are that misinformed that they really think that many people choose to be that miserable .
13,null,null,You would not choose to be miserable if you had the choice , and
14,null,null,so would we .
15,null,null,But we do not get that choice .
16,null,null,Then we have comments like " Just put a life together that wo nt make you depressed " .
17,null,null,I think these piss me off the most .
18,null,null,If it was really that simple you think I would of done that by now ?
19,null,null,Also a lot of people do not mention how hard changing your life can be if you do not have money or resources .
20,null,null,TLDR :
21,null,null,Stop oversimplifying a serious illness
598 13
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I went on 6weeks .
2,null,null,FMLA almost two years ago for depression , GAD and Panic Disorder .
3,null,null,I felt uncomfortable when I went back , after having had the same position for 25 yrs , but
4,null,null,I am still there , and no one made a big deal about it when I came back .
5,null,null,I am still on medicines for depression and .
6,null,null,have a ton of anxiety , the medicines help which with
7,null,null,I am able to function in a fast paced environment where things change every day .
8,null,null,I can sleep , which is great as I put off going in for treatment and was beat when I finally got on medicines , .
9,null,null,had lost weight , and was headed for agoraphobia
10,null,null,Medicines and some therapy work well for me .
11,null,null,I can not deny that I had myself under one ton of stress and had no outlets .
12,null,null,I found out the hard way that there is more to life than work , work , work .
13,null,null,One has to find a way to relax , too .
599 17
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I have completed step one I am killing myself this year .
2,null,null,Not sure when , but
3,null,null,I am really hoping I can make it happen .
4,null,null,Last week , I had a wild night in the shower with a lot of vodka and a razor , .
5,null,null,posted one last snap on my story with a waving emoji , then went full white noise
6,null,null,No snapchat , no instagram , no Facebook , nothing .
7,null,null,Broke all my streaks .
8,null,null,Now I have no contact with anyone at all .
9,null,null,I avoid the people I know at meal times .
10,null,null,I stay in my room and game , or .
11,null,null,start the long list of letters I have to write to people
12,null,null,The sad thing is , I could have been dead almost a week and no one would know .
13,null,null,No one has come to my room to check on me , or .
14,null,null,message me to ask if I am ok
15,null,null,No ones seen or heard from me in days .
16,null,null,I have pushed everyone away .
17,null,null,Step 1 is complete .
600 33
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I owe 31k in student loans , my mom owes 52k in PLUS loans on my education .
2,null,null,I feel so terrible ..
3,null,null,I am the first of my 3 siblings to go to college .
4,null,null,I got depressed and wasted a year .
5,null,null,Now I am on my 5th year and
6,null,null,I will not graduate till one more semester in the fall .
7,null,null,I have been working too
8,null,null,but I only make enough to cover some of my living expenses .
9,null,null,My school schedule only lets me work around 30 hours a week .
10,null,null,My mom has helped me out by taking out Parent PLUS loans for me which she is responsible to repay after I graduate .
11,null,null,So far she owes $ 52k while I owe $ 31k .
12,null,null,I feel so shitty
13,null,null,, I can not believe I ve put her through all of this .
14,null,null,My dad does not work
15,null,null,so it is just her , and
16,null,null,my siblings have yet to finish college
17,null,null,( one of them is starting in a couple years ) .
18,null,null,I am so pissed off at myself
19,null,null,, how did I let this happen ?
20,null,null,If I had my act together I could have graduated earlier .
21,null,null,I hate myself so much for this , I always prided myself on keeping my mom from harm
22,null,null,but she is going to be in so much debt .
23,null,null,It is so unfair , if I had thought this through maybe she would not be in this position .
24,null,null,I m so close to graduation
25,null,null,but so fucking scared .
26,null,null,What if I do not get a job right away ?
27,null,null,I always said I would repay my loans
28,null,null,then repay my mom but $ 52k
29,null,null,is so much money .
30,null,null,More than I have ever seen in my life .
31,null,null,I am just taking advantage of her at this point .
32,null,null,I am such a fucking trainwreak .
33,null,null,Thanks for letting me vent reddit
601 62
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Helping a girlfriend with depression possibly ?
2,null,null,Hello , I want to first off
3,null,null,say this is a throwaway .
4,null,null,I also looked for similar post regarding what I will ask , but
5,null,null,i really want a tailored answer for my own sanity .
6,null,null,Sorry for being selfish , this is just hard .
7,null,null,I have been dating this girl for almost a year
8,null,null,and I know she has been slipping into an abyss of what I can not diagnose , but .
9,null,null,seems like depression
10,null,null,I will start with a time table .
11,null,null,We began dating after meeting on a popular dating app and
12,null,null,we hit it off fast .
13,null,null,Similar interest , .
14,null,null,goals , outlooks , expectations , and lifestyle
15,null,null,We became extremely close with in two months and
16,null,null,then out of the blue she tells me its over .
17,null,null,I did not feel it was a justifiable way to end the relationship .
18,null,null,I contacted her
19,null,null,and we had long winded email correspondence with in which she had this quote to me
20,null,null," I feel lost at work , lost in my personal life , and just lost with trying to find my happiness .
21,null,null,You do make me happier .
22,null,null,And idk what just snapped last week
23,null,null,but I was super depressed all week .
24,null,null," I talked with her
25,null,null,and we set small goals to rekindle and help her find her happiness .
26,null,null,We got back together with in two weeks and
27,null,null,that started a prolonged honeymoon period for which we traveled , went on ski trips , took our dogs on hikes , and generally enjoyed ourselves .
28,null,null,This continued until march or 2018 , when I noticed her slipping back in to her just overall never satisfied state .
29,null,null,I got worried and .
30,null,null,tried to lightly push her to no avail
31,null,null,I then tried to make plans at least twice a month to help distract her and give her a solid thing to look forward to .
32,null,null,She never changed and
33,null,null,just got worse to the point where the last 2 months
34,null,null,, she gets home from work smokes enough weed to put me to sleep , eats too much and then goes to sleep by 9 .
35,null,null,I tried to encourage by proxy by going to the gym and going to parks with her dog and taking pictures and even getting closer with her family .
36,null,null,nothing worked .
37,null,null,Fast forward to 2 weeks ago , she went to Sweden on a vacation with her best friend and .
38,null,null,had a blast and was calling me everyday so happy and excited
39,null,null,I thought we had a legitimate break through .
40,null,null,Then one week before she returns i start to only get 1 or 2 text a day , I figure she is living her best life to busy with international travel to communicate regularly like she requested .
41,null,null,She returns and
42,null,null,we spend one night together
43,null,null,and she calls me at school to come over to her place asap .
44,null,null,she dumps me with little to no explanation .
45,null,null,I met with her once more to voice my opinion
46,null,null,and she was just quiet and
47,null,null,had nothing to say
48,null,null,but sorry and
49,null,null,that i deserve someone who loves me like Love her .
50,null,null,Today she starts emailing me about how she just needs space
51,null,null,and she wants me to still talk to her family .
52,null,null,I really do not know what to think ..
53,null,null,My friends say fuck her move on .
54,null,null,I have never had a connection or love for someone outside my family and
55,null,null,I have had at least 3 relationships over 2 years
56,null,null,( I am almost 30 ) .
57,null,null,This one really felt different , the way she looked in my eyes and the way we talked about all our joint desires , .
58,null,null,just felt so good
59,null,null,I just want everyone to know I am open to honest responses and please feel free to speak openly
60,null,null,, I just hurt because I feel like this is when she needs me most , but also might just need her own time to figure her self out .
61,null,null,Thank you for your time and help .
62,null,null,Cheers , Your Reddit friend .
602 16
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Feel like I have no right to feel this way
2,null,null,People have it worse than me , while I , a privileged man with a loving family , can not feel most of the time .
3,null,null,I hate using the term depressed .
4,null,null,Even as I am writing this , I feel like I want to delete it .
5,null,null,It is being thrown around so much lately that I feel like I am just being a little bitch that uses it like
6,null,null,I do not know it .
7,null,null,Have been seeing therapists for months , talking to them and trying to find a way on how to see life differently .
8,null,null,Thankfully I am not prescribed any of those fucking pills , because my current therapist is smart enough to know they are not the best medicine for me .
9,null,null,Whenever I feel joy , it lasts for a minute , then I am back in my own dark world .
10,null,null,Very dark world .
11,null,null,I think about suicide , screaming at people , wanting to beat some people up .
12,null,null,Then I lay down , and .
13,null,null,feel guilty for thinking about such horrible thoughts
14,null,null,Sorry for the rant .
15,null,null,Today was a shitty day and
16,null,null,I had to let it out somehow ..
603 20
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Hey , My name is Jonathan .
2,null,null,I am 23 years old .
3,null,null,I am a senior in college hoping to be through very VERY soon .
4,null,null,I went through a really rough depression era starting around the age of 15 and .
5,null,null,lasting till I was 21
6,null,null,It started to get a little better when I got into college , but .
7,null,null,then severely accelerated throughout the years
8,null,null,I took a year off from school to work and basically to get help , which I did .
9,null,null,I found out a lot of my depression was cognitive .. thinking negatively about myself .
10,null,null,When I was growing up , I was a real shy guy .
11,null,null,I think some of that though has turned into a social anxiety issue , but
12,null,null,I did not have a great social .
13,null,null,I still do not , but
14,null,null,once I got help , the psychologist I saw really helped me get past the negative thinking , but I still have really tightly bound emotional issues from time to time that tend to really upset me .
15,null,null,It is taken pieces of my personality and .
16,null,null,completely do a 180
17,null,null,Part of my depression was that I was co - dependent .
18,null,null,Now I am really completely independent .
19,null,null,I guess I am trying more to understand than to get just advice .
20,null,null,I can not make sense of my emotions anymore .
604 42
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,The only thing that can happen in such a boring world is terror .
2,null,null,Or something .
3,null,null,Did you se the footage from Monrovia ( that is in Liberia , for any Americans who might be reading this .. ) ?
4,null,null,I can not understand how these kids are just walking around firing their AKs as if they are hanging out after school .
5,null,null,You do not tend to see the other side
6,null,null,but I assume it is the same .
7,null,null,There was a shot of a group of kids nonchalantly lounging around on the back of a pickup truck upon which was mounted an old - fashioned looking heavy machine - gun , the kind with an armored shield and mounted on a pivot , maybe a mobile anti - aircraft gun .
8,null,null,The truck was not moving , the gun was in use .
9,null,null,So why were a bunch of kids just sitting there ?
10,null,null,Do not human beings usually seek to protect themselves from danger ?
11,null,null,Why do people involved in a fire fight walk around as if they were popping out to the shops for a six pack and a box of 200 B & H ?
12,null,null,Despite 3 weeks service in the Israeli army , I have yet to experience any sort of hostile activity which goes beyond the emotional ..
13,null,null,What do you do when everything you were told turned out to be bullshit
14,null,null,and you realize that everyone you know is deluded ?
15,null,null,I have started to experience intense rages which appear to be provoked by my girlfriend , who , it seems , thinks that the purpose of a relationship is to psychoanalyze one
16,null,null,is partner destructively , to the point of inducing a breakdown .
17,null,null,Or something .
18,null,null,I have lashed out at her , hitting and screaming and have , during intense screaming matches , to beat my fists against the wall .
19,null,null,This is the best I can do to prevent myself from smashing her to pieces .
20,null,null,My right hand still hurts me from a couple of days ago .
21,null,null,She closes the windows to try to spare the neighbors any unpleasantness .
22,null,null,God knows what they must think .
23,null,null,Like I could give a fuck .
24,null,null,I am inconsiderate , I am selfish , I am a bastard , I have a cold attitude to others , I am a snob , I have contempt for everyone .
25,null,null,I do not know which is my stuff and which is hers .
26,null,null,I am thinking more of suicide these days .
27,null,null,I used to have the regular teenage fascination with my mortality and the potential termination thereof .
28,null,null,We were going to try for a baby
29,null,null,but she has a hormonal condition which seems quite serious .
30,null,null,I have to go wank in a jar and see if my tadpoles are doing whatever it is they should do .
31,null,null,She wants me to consider going off with another woman to procreate if it turns out she is infertile .
32,null,null,This fills me with rage .
33,null,null,I will not tell you why .
34,null,null,If you do not understand this you do not understand .
35,null,null,What does anyone understand ?
36,null,null,Is life ever going to change ?
37,null,null,I am starting to suffer from a new sort of depression .
38,null,null,I am starting to feel like I am 31 and the old passion is really not there anymore .
39,null,null,Everything is hopeless but
40,null,null,it can not ever change .
41,null,null,I want to hurt myself and have a fantasy to kill myself with my Leatherman .
42,null,null,AHAHAHAHAHA .
605 31
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am 15 and .
2,null,null,have been depressed for about a year
3,null,null,i got over it for a little while
4,null,null,but now i am back to all the pain .
5,null,null,I cut myself for the first time a couple weeks ago and
6,null,null,now i can not stop .
7,null,null,I always reach for my knife when I am alone and hurting .
8,null,null,One of my major problems is that I am really good at hiding my feelings .
9,null,null,No one knows that I am depressed and no one except my best friend knew that i cut myself .
10,null,null,I told my best friend because we tell each other everything when I told her the only thing she could say was " you are Crazy "
11,null,null,Not exactly the reaction
12,null,null,i was expecting especially since she once told me that she cut herself because we got into a huge fight .
13,null,null,And even though I knew she was only saying it for attention
14,null,null,and she had no scars on her wrist the next day , i still supported her .
15,null,null,But now she is turning her back on me .
16,null,null,I think she thinks I am doing it for attention
17,null,null,but I am not .
18,null,null,if i were i would not hide the scars under my wrist band and long sleeve shirts .
19,null,null,Any way
20,null,null,so now i have no one there to talk to .
21,null,null,I do not trust anyone anymore and
22,null,null,I am too scared to tell my parents .
23,null,null,Even if i did they can not do anything .
24,null,null,I have 3 other brothers and
25,null,null,my parents do not have the time or money to deal with my problems .
26,null,null,I really scare myself .
27,null,null,I have already planned out how I am going to kill myself if i do
28,null,null,and i tempt myself all the time i never have the guts to go through with it all the way
29,null,null,but I still try .
30,null,null,I just really need some one to talk to .
31,null,null,Someone who will understand where I am coming from .
606 13
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I want to be unloved so I can die without any attachments I like to drive people away .
2,null,null,I try to be rude to my family .
3,null,null,I get too anxious to keep up positive relationships with others , I would rather be alone
4,null,null,so when the time comes when I want to kill myself , I will not be held down , and
5,null,null,I will not have anyone tying me to this world .
6,null,null,It is hard though .
7,null,null,It hurts me to push people away .
8,null,null,But it is for the best .
9,null,null,I wish I had no attachments .
10,null,null,I wish I had no family or friends to try to connect with
11,null,null,, I do not want them to be sad when I die .
12,null,null,My ultimate goal in life since I was 13 was to die in peace without any attachments to the world , or leaving enough money for my family .
13,null,null,They should not have to waste their care and time on someone like me .
607 41
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Feeling good about helping people Does anyone else here ever feel better about themselves when you are able to offer a little help or guidance to someone off the street you do not know ?
2,null,null,As an example , sometime last month I was having a pretty meh day , just ..
3,null,null,Not feeling the worst ever , but not feeling very good either , when on my way home I happened to find an iPhone sitting on a grate outside the subway station .
4,null,null,I picked it up and
5,null,null,looked around for the owner , then after entering the station found a couple of young women searching their bags
6,null,null,and I asked if the phone was theirs .
7,null,null,It was , and
8,null,null,they said " thank you so much ! "
9,null,null,And I felt really happy that I would been able to help them , like
10,null,null,, I just kinda decided right then to forget about my problems , because , I would helped someone .
11,null,null,Like , maybe those two would have never found their phone if I had not come along .
12,null,null,I mean they probably would have , but , y'know .
13,null,null,I felt like I would been helpful in a real small but meaningful way and that felt good .
14,null,null,I really like helping people , but
15,null,null,I usually get upset when I try to help people I actually know personally , because , well , people do not always want help with more personal issues , or even with simple issues from people
16,null,null,they know well , and
17,null,null,trying to tell when to help or not is just really complicated .
18,null,null,Like , I will just real nicely try to suggest a solution to a problem , or simply offering some consolation , and instead of
19,null,null,, I dunno , actually trying it or telling me patiently why that is not a good idea , they just rail on me and .
20,null,null,tell me to shut up or whatever
21,null,null,And I just feel like , jeez , what would I do ?
22,null,null,I am trying to help here ..
23,null,null,And I always get real upset about that and ?
24,null,null,doubt myself over it , like , am I doing a bad thing by trying to be nice
25,null,null,I know that is not true , I get sometimes people want to figure things out on their own , or
26,null,null,I guess you do not like my attitude or blablabla , but
27,null,null,, I dunno , you can not maybe acknowledge that I am trying to do good ?
28,null,null,But in a situation where it is just strangers , trying to find their way , cross the street , .
29,null,null,lost a thing or whatever , it is easy to tell when they need help , because everything is a lot more straightforward , if that makes sense
30,null,null,If someone needs help , it is usually pretty obvious and
31,null,null,they are almost always pretty receptive to help , and ,
32,null,null,provided
33,null,null,you just look like a normal person , they do not judge .
34,null,null,No biases or baggage over past interactions or whatever , they are just happy to have help .
35,null,null,So yeah
36,null,null,I guess this is a little longer than it needs to be ,
37,null,null,but , yeah .
38,null,null,Helping random people feels good and .
39,null,null,distracts from my depression a little
40,null,null,Is what I was saying .
41,null,null,Anyone else feel this way ?
608 45
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Every Day is Exactly the Same .
2,null,null,I am Lonely , Worthless , and Done With Life Every day , I wake up , .
3,null,null,go to work , come home , and go to sleep
4,null,null,That is basically it .
5,null,null,That is my life .
6,null,null,Sure , I have a few friends that I see on the weekends , but
7,null,null,it only helps so much .
8,null,null,My ex girlfriend broke up with me and .
9,null,null,moved out of our apartment 6 months ago now
10,null,null,The almost three years we were together were the only time in my life where my depression was pretty much nonexistent .
11,null,null,When she came home that day and told me she was done , I was floored .
12,null,null,I had no idea that she felt the way she did , and
13,null,null,she would not even discuss the matter with me .
14,null,null,I have tried meeting other people since then , and
15,null,null,I have gone on exactly three dates with one person .
16,null,null,That is it .
17,null,null,I am basically invisible to women , and
18,null,null,no amount of effort will ever change that .
19,null,null,I just have to accept the reality that I hold absolutely no value in a romantic context .
20,null,null,Why ?
21,null,null,I do not know .
22,null,null,Maybe it is because my generation is only interested in people who are aesthetically in the top tier , or make the most money .
23,null,null,Maybe it is because my generation is eschewing committed relationships in favor of having fuck buddies left and right , whoring themselves out to whoever will get their rocks off , both men and women are at fault for this .
24,null,null,I do not think I am a particularly unattractive guy , and
25,null,null,I make a pretty damn good amount of money for my age , but since I am not in that top 10 % of men , I am just always going to be passed over and there is absolutely nothing I can do about it .
26,null,null,It is almost like there something inherent to my existence that prevents me from having any intimacy .
27,null,null,No matter how much money I make or how much I improve myself , that intrinsic quality of my being will always hold me back .
28,null,null,I did not ask for this , but
29,null,null,it is the way things are , so I have pretty much given up completely .
30,null,null,I do not have any plans of offing myself or anything like that .
31,null,null,But every day , it gets harder and harder to convince myself that I actually have anything worth living for .
32,null,null,The one thought I keep coming back to is how scared my cat would be if I gave her to a shelter or how she would get by if I were gone .
33,null,null,I love my cat , and
34,null,null,she does not deserve to be put in a situation like that .
35,null,null,I feel like she is the only thing keeping me marginally together .
36,null,null,The thought of causing her any distress breaks my heart , and one of the big things on my mind all the time is simply making sure she is happy and .
37,null,null,feels safe
38,null,null,I feel worthless and frustrated .
39,null,null,I wish I understood how to achieve what I want in life and be happy , but
40,null,null,I guess that is just not in the cards .
41,null,null,I can not wait until the day I die , I will finally get some goddamn peace and quiet .
42,null,null,I am so tired of feeling broken .
43,null,null,I am so tired of constantly being reminded that there is something wrong with me , like I am some sort of bastard aberration of what humans are supposed to be .
44,null,null,I have struggled with this for 12 years now .
45,null,null,I do not know how much more I can take .
609 12
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Today just sucks I have been sitting at my desk at work for the past hour and a half crying on and off .
2,null,null,Not really sure why .
3,null,null,I feel physically sick
4,null,null,and I just want to go home , crawl into bed , and sleep for a few days .
5,null,null,I am supposed to teach a class tonight , but
6,null,null,I am really not sure I can function around people .
7,null,null,I know I should just cancel it , but
8,null,null,I feel guilty doing that , and I have no idea
9,null,null,why .
10,null,null,It makes no sense since I can not seem to bring myself to care about anything else right now-
11,null,null,like the fact that I have gotten almost nothing done at work today and probably will not in the remaining 3 hours .
12,null,null,I just do not know what to do anymore .
610 44
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Painfully lonely and spiraling into the worst depression I have ever been in I recently moved to a new city for a job after college .
2,null,null,I have a few friends at work , but
3,null,null,they are a group of guys that I do not have a lot in common with
4,null,null,and we do not really talk outside of the occasional work conversation .
5,null,null,They are nice and
6,null,null,I am happy to be friends with them , but it is hard for me to really get to know them because they do " guy stuff " on the weekends ( like sitting around drinking and playing FIFA ) that I am totally not interested in
7,null,null,/ they do not bother inviting me to .
8,null,null,Other than that , I have a few online friends that I am growing increasingly dependent on for social interaction which is really unhealthy .
9,null,null,I notice myself getting more paranoid with them about not responding , and
10,null,null,I bug them way too much to the point where I know I would definitely be annoyed if I was them .
11,null,null,Also they are not very supportive ( probably the opposite ) but it is not their fault -- they are just causal online friends that should not have to cater to my current host of mental problems .
12,null,null,I am totally alone .
13,null,null,My family and college friends live 4 hours away .
14,null,null,I have pretty bad social anxiety
15,null,null,and I am terrified of every new social interaction I have .
16,null,null,I work 9 hours and .
17,null,null,come home to my empty apartment and watch netflix to escape my own life , every day
18,null,null,I sometimes hear from my college friends about all of the fun they are still having together
19,null,null,and it honestly brings me to tears that I have such a pathetic lonely life now .
20,null,null,I have never been able to have a " normal " social life -- it takes me forever to make close friends , and .
21,null,null,then even at my best I only have a handful of good friends at a time
22,null,null,I do not enjoy going out every weekend or the other obvious ways of making friends , and
23,null,null,that would not work now anyway since I would NEVER go alone
24,null,null,and I do not have a single person that I could ask to go with me .
25,null,null,When I was a freshman in college I had this same problem -- absolutely zero friends and living in a totally different city .
26,null,null,It was the worst depression I have ever been through .
27,null,null,I had dozens and dozens of online friends at the time ( now we have all lost touch and moved on from the RPG we were playing )
28,null,null,that helped ease the loneliness , and I eventually joined a student club and finally made friends after like a year of going .
29,null,null,There is not really anything I can " join " like that in a non - college town ..
30,null,null,I have been applying for a few volunteering things , they have not started but
31,null,null,I am doubtful that it will be a good way to meet people .
32,null,null,I honestly just need ONE person to talk to .
33,null,null,Anyone .
34,null,null,I do not know what is wrong with me , I am not a complete weirdo or anything
35,null,null,and I know I can have meaningful friendships ( just 90 % of them have been online , and now I can not even seem to make any fucking online friends either ) , but
36,null,null,I live the loneliest life of anyone I have ever known or heard of .
37,null,null,I have never been serious about suicide , but
38,null,null,recently that is changed and it is becoming something I could actually picture myself doing .
39,null,null,I am a long way from that
40,null,null,but at this point I do not see anything getting better
41,null,null,and I practically cry myself to sleep some days and have to hide emotional breakdowns at work after eating lunch alone .
42,null,null,Does anyone have any advice for meeting new people in a non - college town ?
43,null,null,Anyone else having the same problem ?
44,null,null,I am so lost and sad and pathetic
611 5
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am an empty shell of a person I only show emotion
2,null,null,I do not feel it when society dictates that I should laugh or cry
3,null,null,I do
4,null,null,but I do not feel happy or sad just nothing .
5,null,null,It makes day to day things hard because I can not emotionally connect with people and they usually end up hating me for it , I want more than anything to be able to feel something again
612 35
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I feel like I am spiraling downwards .
2,null,null,I am losing people and .
3,null,null,can not do anything about it or do the wrong things
4,null,null,I am just searching desperately for someone to care before it is too late .
5,null,null,This summer has just flown by .
6,null,null,I work so much and .
7,null,null,made the mistake of taking multiple summer classes
8,null,null,I spend every moment I can trying to do fun things with my friends
9,null,null,but many times it is not as much as I would like .
10,null,null,My best friend is stationed overseas , and
11,null,null,while I have a close group of friends I have known for years , literally all of them are doing something this fall that takes them elsewhere .
12,null,null,When they are gone , I am going to be all by myself .
13,null,null,I have been so lonely lately too .
14,null,null,Just wanting someone to care about me .
15,null,null,I had it and , and
16,null,null,fucked it all up at the beginning of the year
17,null,null,I just regret it all the time .
18,null,null,I drink by myself a lot at night to deal with the loneliness , but
19,null,null,it makes it worse .
20,null,null,This summer has already just been shitty , but
21,null,null,at least my friends are around .
22,null,null,It is like fall is just a ticking time bomb at this point .
23,null,null,No matter how hard I try to talk to someone new it never goes my way
24,null,null,and I am always left on read or .
25,null,null,stood up on plans
26,null,null,The other night , I got drunk and , and
27,null,null,did something I have never done before
28,null,null,that was cut myself .
29,null,null,Honestly , I feel like I did it to see if I could , and .
30,null,null,how it would make me feel
31,null,null,I guess I still do not know how it does , but
32,null,null,I was disappointed in myself
33,null,null,I let it get so far .
34,null,null,I do not know .
35,null,null,I just feel like this year has just been me slowly losing the only things that make me happy .
613 8
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Need some advice
2,null,null,Should I try to fit in by pretending to be cheerful all the time
3,null,null,or should I show how I feel ?
4,null,null,The thing is the people that I am around
5,null,null,are understanding
6,null,null,and they have not made fun of me ( till now )
7,null,null,but I have not become one of them because of this
8,null,null,so should I pretend to be cheerful or continue to show how I feel ?
614 41
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am tired of forcing myself to do things .
2,null,null,Maybe it is me being lazy .
3,null,null,Maybe it is my undiagnosed ADHD .
4,null,null,I do not know .
5,null,null,All I know is that I hate not being able to enjoy almost * anything
6,null,null,* .
7,null,null,I just feel so numb and dull .
8,null,null,I dropped almost all of my friendships with people who are not in my workplace .
9,null,null,Have not had the motivation to talk to anyone .
10,null,null,It just feels like a chore to me .
11,null,null,Socializing is torturous and
12,null,null,I get bored very quick .
13,null,null,I can not seem to focus on any conversation .
14,null,null,I hate forcing myself to do the most simple things , like : taking a shower , putting on makeup , cooking , cleaning , even playing videogames .
15,null,null,I am a huge WoW nerd , so .
16,null,null,I should be excited for the new patch and game
17,null,null,But , I am not .
18,null,null,I got amped up when I saw the trailer , but
19,null,null,now , I rather not play it .
20,null,null,I rather not play anything .
21,null,null,Just recently , I forced myself to play Bioshock again .
22,null,null,It is been years since I visited Rapture .
23,null,null,I
24,null,null,* love * Rapture .
25,null,null,But why is it so boring to play ?
26,null,null,I used to have so much fun ..
27,null,null,How do you get out of this funk ?
28,null,null,I do not want to feel like this
29,null,null,and it is ruining my life .
30,null,null,Not to mention , my SO and I have not been doing well because of it .
31,null,null,I just feel .. nothing .
32,null,null,I need help , but
33,null,null,I do not want a therapist or any new diet plans .
34,null,null,None of that copypaste bullshit .
35,null,null,What *
36,null,null,actually * works ?
37,null,null,Also , I forgot to mention that I smoke weed daily .
38,null,null,I heard that it can make depression worse
39,null,null,and I have been using it for almost two years now .
40,null,null,Is this something I should only do at night ?
41,null,null,I originally used it for sleep .
615 20
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,dropped back into a depression , feels like i travelled back in time
2,null,null,anyone else feel like this ?
3,null,null,about this time a year ago i went through a very rough patch due to depression , and
4,null,null,it was one of the lowest points in my life .
5,null,null,i slowly but surely started to get better , or rather
6,null,null,, more numb .
7,null,null,eventually i was ok .
8,null,null,not happy , but
9,null,null,i could function fine .
10,null,null,fast forward to today
11,null,null,and i suddenly dropped back into my depressed mindset .
12,null,null,it is as though i just woke up from a year long sleep , like i would been going through some fugue state .
13,null,null,it is weird and scary but also familiar and comfortable in the worst ways .
14,null,null,i feel so awful but
15,null,null,life also feels more real than it has in the past year .
16,null,null,i m suddenly remembering all of my regrets and aspirations and relationships that i had just pushed down and suppressed and
17,null,null,it is awful but also it feels like i have found a missing part of myself ?
18,null,null,this is ramble - y
19,null,null,and i do not know if it makes any sense
20,null,null,but i just wanted to put it out there .
616 27
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Okay so I am doing a really shitty job of keeping up with this journal .
2,null,null,So Sam came and .
3,null,null,went
4,null,null,Not before I went to a wedding and .
5,null,null,got drunk and told her parents that I was in love with her
6,null,null,Yea ..
7,null,null,umm ..
8,null,null,I am gay .
9,null,null,I then told her that I thought moving to Oregon was a bad bad idea .
10,null,null,Not because I was in love with her but .
11,null,null,because moving to a city for a boy that you are in love with but has no interest in you
12,null,null,Not such a good idea .
13,null,null,so anyways that made things all fucked up and
14,null,null,she left and
15,null,null,we were not on the best terms besides that the roommate thing just kind of fell apart .
16,null,null,I did not get the apartment across from shaye because of credit issues .
17,null,null,So now I am going to just move into her place .
18,null,null,We will see how that turns out ..
19,null,null,If we kill each other or .
20,null,null,not
21,null,null,I am not on the lease so if it sucks I can just move out there are a few boys that are into me .
22,null,null,However I do not think that my soul really wants to be with anyone right now .
23,null,null,I have something wrong with my heart
24,null,null,I am doing blood work on Monday to figure out what is going on .
25,null,null,And I took last week off for no reason at all .
26,null,null,So I guess a lot has happened in the last 15 days .
27,null,null,I should really try to keep up with this journal .
617 4
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,can not afford prescribed medication for depression ,
2,null,null,too depressed to get through a job app to make money for my medication
3,null,null,i m 22 and
4,null,null,living at home like a child I skipped the only job interview I ever got because I could not bring myself to give a crap that day
618 31
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I have realized that I made a big mistake by starting this blog .
2,null,null,It serves no purpose to put feelings out for public view , so
3,null,null,I have deleted the entries from the last six months .
4,null,null,I was going to explain some things , but .
5,null,null,thought better of it
6,null,null,I think a small part of my old self has awakened again .
7,null,null,I am a bit ashamed of all the whining I have done here .
8,null,null,I am embarrassed that I have sought out people in my life for emotional support when I should have dealt with things privately , on my own .
9,null,null,When I lost my mind to grief , I forgot everything that I knew .
10,null,null,As the old adage goes : you come into this world alone , you live alone , you die alone .
11,null,null,You solve your problems alone .
12,null,null,, needs to be added
13,null,null,The intense pain of grief can warp your mind , .
14,null,null,impair your judgment and make you do foolish things that you will later regret
15,null,null,I am sorry if I have upset anyone , but
16,null,null,my intention was simply an attempt at self - help , not to change the world .
17,null,null,I was simply searching for a way to try to deal with and escape from this pain .
18,null,null,I have always appreciated the supportive comments left by people
19,null,null,and I thought I had expressed that before .
20,null,null,I never thought anyone had an expectation that I would contact them or .
21,null,null,would even really want me to contact them
22,null,null,I am after all , a stranger to those who have read my words .
23,null,null,I was getting to the point where I was starting to consider emailing some of the people who have posted comments , just to thank them , but
24,null,null,now I think that it is better that I do not .
25,null,null,This is the old , public version of me writing to day .
26,null,null,I have pushed most of the real .
27,null,null,, troubled me back down into a box for a little while
28,null,null,I have resolved only to let her out when I am alone .
29,null,null,In this blog , I did dwell on many of the same things again and again , but
30,null,null,I was surprised that I could actually find some release by repeatedly talking about the same thing .
31,null,null,I think this will be my last entry , so goodbye and good luck .
619 10
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Why does anyone care ?
2,null,null,Its not like my life can get any better
3,null,null,it does not do no good talking to anybody either because I just end up turning them against me my best friend a guy that I look up to as
4,null,null,a brother does not even want anything to do with me anymore .
5,null,null,I am just absolutely pathetic just absolutely pathetic even if I can not join back with them
6,null,null,I would at least like to talk to them and help them out if I could if not then what is the point
7,null,null,I know they are tired of seeing me post about them
8,null,null,and I can not help it
9,null,null,they are my friends whether they want to admit it or not
10,null,null,and I care about them very much .
620 47
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Fuck Everything & amp ; Everyone I decided to make a different account for this , because I need to get all of this off my chest .
2,null,null,I hate myself and
3,null,null,I hate my life .
4,null,null,I feel trapped at an absolute dead end in my life , and
5,null,null,I am not even in my twenties yet .
6,null,null,I might as well be , considering everything I have to do .
7,null,null,I turned 17 a few months ago , and
8,null,null,things have only gotten worse .
9,null,null,My parents are completely delusional and .
10,null,null,can not grasp the fact that thet cause suffering for their own benefit
11,null,null,They would punch you in the face and .
12,null,null,find any excuse in the book to give a reason behind what they did , even if there was not one
13,null,null,My mom is an asshole , to put it nicely .
14,null,null,She is very controlling .
15,null,null,I have called and , and
16,null,null,made my own therapy appointments only to find out she cancelled them , resulting in me having to find a different therapist AND doctor twice because they would not take me because of canceling so many times
17,null,null,I still have not found either , so no therapy or medication .
18,null,null,I have next to no friends because of .
19,null,null,how she is , coupled with my inability to speak without getting anxiety
20,null,null,My dad is a lazy dirtbag who fights with me constantly for no reason other than he hates me .
21,null,null,He hates how liberal I am , he hates the people I like , whatever
22,null,null,I like he probably hates .
23,null,null,He sits in front of a TV all day watching shit , he bitches about anything he can , yet .
24,null,null,does absolutely nothing to fix the issue that he is the main cause of
25,null,null,No clean dishes ?
26,null,null,I am in the wrong even though he does not rinse his or even bring them to the sink .
27,null,null,Pills went missing ?
28,null,null,He takes more than he is supposed to and forgets and .
29,null,null,goes into a rage
30,null,null,So on and
31,null,null,so forth .
32,null,null,I honestly do not look forward to waking up anymore .
33,null,null,I can only find peace at night
34,null,null,and then I usually get less sleep than I should .
35,null,null,Of course I am ' lazy ' for sleeping in .
36,null,null,More gets done quicker in less time when I get up than the whole time they have been up .
37,null,null,I hate this stupid town
38,null,null,and I hate my life .
39,null,null,It feels like I am destined for absolute failure .
40,null,null,School puts a heavy amount of pressure on me too .
41,null,null,I wish I could go to sleep and not wake up
42,null,null,, that would be ideal honestly .
43,null,null,The list of things that make me happy and want to live grows shorter every day , and
44,null,null,I am so , so lost on what to do anymore .
45,null,null,I feel so uncomfortable and just .. wrong .
46,null,null,Like I know something bad is bound to happen .
47,null,null,Idk , I am just confused and scared .
621 11
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,No doubt in my mind that since I have been taking Zoloft , I do dream a lot more and sometimes very vividly .
2,null,null,Most of mine do not make any sense either ..
3,null,null,but on occasion , my remembered dreams are so real , it is almost spooky .
4,null,null,( If only those dreams were somewhat romantic , well then I would not be bringing this up , would I ? ..
5,null,null,lol )
6,null,null,Another thing I noticed is that if I am asleep and my cell phone rings , I get up , walk a few feet away , answer , carry a short conversation and afterwards
7,null,null,, I have no recollection whatsoever .
8,null,null,It reminds me of sleep walking .
9,null,null,That is so unusual and strange to me .
10,null,null,You are not alone xx
11,null,null,and I am so glad you are feeling much better !
622 23
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I think I am having a nervous breakdown I have struggled off and on for about 10 years with anxiety and depression .
2,null,null,The latter half has been mostly on .
3,null,null,Recently my psychiatrist changed my medication from Zoloft to Effexor because the Zoloft had pretty much plateaued and then started working less .
4,null,null,I do not think the Effexor is having a very good effect on me .
5,null,null,My depression has been worse than ever .
6,null,null,On top of that I found out that my dog has bone cancer and likely will not live more than 8 - 12 months .
7,null,null,She is only 6 and
8,null,null,she has been my entire world since I adopted her
9,null,null,and she has helped me through a lot of difficult times .
10,null,null,Because of these things my moods have been very bad , and
11,null,null,I had to leave work a few days ago
12,null,null,and I have not been back since , and
13,null,null,I am pretty sure they are going to fire me because I am still new .
14,null,null,Although the job was adding to my stress because they failed to tell me that we would be working mandatory overtime EVERY SINGLE DAY .
15,null,null,I do not have much of a support system .
16,null,null,My mom is pissed at me about work , and
17,null,null,I am living with my grandfather who just does not get it .
18,null,null,I do not really have much in the way of friends which is I guess why I am ranting on Reddit looking for some kind of support .
19,null,null,I do not really know what to do .
20,null,null,I am going to call my psychiatrist Monday to set up an appointment and hopefully get off Effexor .
21,null,null,I want to find a job that is less intense than this one , and less hours .
22,null,null,Hopefully part time .
23,null,null,I do not know I just need some support / advice / anything .
623 33
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Losing years at a time to depression , 27 still have not finished 4 year degree .
2,null,null,I do not know what to do .
3,null,null,I do not know how to cope !
4,null,null,At this point I have no idea how to even get back to the pathetic life I used to have .
5,null,null,I feel like the most pathetic person on redditt , I keep reading about other people who feel like they messed up because of depression
6,null,null,and I feel like in comparison they are all doing amazing !
7,null,null,I just do not know what to do any more .
8,null,null,I just turned 27
9,null,null,I have been in university
10,null,null,since I was 18 , trying to finish a four year degree , I was on my way to be done university May 2016 and
11,null,null,then as per usual I needed extensions for all of my last four courses ..
12,null,null,that was almost two full years ago ..
13,null,null,I still have three more papers ..
14,null,null,WTF is wrong with me ..
15,null,null,I have not worked in 5 years , I live in a property owned by my parents and
16,null,null,live off 100 dollars a month that is from settlement from an accident
17,null,null,( it will end very soon ) .
18,null,null,I go weeks at a time without leaving the house .
19,null,null,I spend every day telling myself I will do a little home work and then reward myself with some kind of self care
20,null,null,but
21,null,null,instead I spend all day every day doing nothing and intentional wasting time until its time for bed .
22,null,null,I do nt know why I do this
23,null,null,and I hate myself for it .
24,null,null,Went to therapy for four years .
25,null,null,made me feel like garbage
26,null,null,Tried five different therapists one on one and three different groups .
27,null,null,Has anyone been through anything like this ?
28,null,null,Has any one gotten out of their own self created self destructive hell ? ?
29,null,null,I feel stupid , I ve struggled with depression my whole life
30,null,null,and it was one thing
31,null,null,when I was a kid growing up in an abusive and dysfunctional family
32,null,null,but I ve been an adult for almost a decade now
33,null,null,and ill I have done is fuck myself over by being a stupid coward .
624 28
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am 61 and
2,null,null,for almost two years have been dealing with anxiety .
3,null,null,It is strange the way of hitting and
4,null,null,I would like to know from some of you experts if it is typical GAD .
5,null,null,For almost two years I have been awakened almost every day at about 5:30 out of sound sleep with this feeling of anxiety .
6,null,null,At first it hit my spine , now my stomach .
7,null,null,If I take a xanax it will dissipate and .
8,null,null,not bother me much until later in the day
9,null,null,Again , no matter what I am doing I can feel it start to build .
10,null,null,, take a xanax and go on with life
11,null,null,By late afternoon it is gone and .
12,null,null,does not return until the next day
13,null,null,During this period my thyroid has been going haywire , probably from four surgeries in four years , the last being two months ago ..
14,null,null,a total knee repacement ..
15,null,null,About sox weels before this surgery , after changing my thyroid meds a bit , the anxiety had left me .
16,null,null,I was fine through the operation and
17,null,null,then about three weeks after , it was back !
18,null,null,Before the operation I was beginning to get some real bouts of rolling depression
19,null,null,but they are gone for now ..
20,null,null,just anxiety .
21,null,null,The thing that I question is that it is the same no matter what is or has happened in my life for the day .
22,null,null,I can have a great , relaxed day or a hectic , chaotic day and
23,null,null,the next day will be exactly the same .
24,null,null,My environment does not seem to affect it .
25,null,null,Is all of this typical of GAD or
26,null,null,should I redress my thyroid or other hormonal screw ups ?
27,null,null,Thanks for reading .
28,null,null,It is really getting me down !
625 10
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Sometimes I wonder if I am just a lazy fuck and not depressed at all My dad just scolded me over the phone because I was still in bed and its 2PM .
2,null,null,My parents has been very nice and understanding since I told them about my depression .
3,null,null,But when he said something along the lines ofno one stays in bed all day , everybody has to get up , you have friends who take the bus to work and work all night long .
4,null,null,Why should you get special treatment ?
5,null,null,The only one who can change how you feel is you .
6,null,null,And if you want to feel better you can not play games all night and .
7,null,null,sleep
8,null,null,all day I am still in bed ,
9,null,null,have not eaten anything , have not done the dishes like I promised i would , have not cleaned my room
10,null,null,I am worthless .
626 54
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am new and
2,null,null,my message does not seem to fit anywhere else .
3,null,null,I have been suffering from depression since I was 15 ( now 21 )
4,null,null,but I have only recently thought of it as wouldepression ' as I used to think it was just me and
5,null,null,all my feelings were real .
6,null,null,It started with wanting to end up in hospital - get hit by a car etc .
7,null,null,I felt useless and boring and unwanted by my family or anyone .
8,null,null,Felt like I was jus in the way wherever I went .
9,null,null,I felt empty and
10,null,null,the only escape I ever had was fantasizing about the day I die -
11,null,null,that release that I would feel from everything .
12,null,null,So I used to write suicide notes and when I could read them without crying then
13,null,null,I would deem myself ready .
14,null,null,Or I would think that if I could starve myself for a week then I would be ready .
15,null,null,( This one I could not do ) finally it all got too much .
16,null,null,In my head , my parents were so disappointed in me that they would be better off without me and to my sisters
17,null,null,I was too annoying that they would not miss me .
18,null,null,Up until now I had jus cut myself discreetly .
19,null,null,So I took 80 paracetamol ( not knowing then that they can not actually kill you ) and jus sat around waiting - half excited half scared .
20,null,null,Nothing happened for ages and I started to get more scared - what would my parents think ?
21,null,null,Would they cope ?
22,null,null,Would they blame themselves ?
23,null,null,So I threw up and .
24,null,null,called an ambulance myself
25,null,null,I will never get over how hurt they were by what I had done and so will never do that again .
26,null,null,But I still think bout it .
27,null,null,When ever things get too hard .
28,null,null,I think how can I make it look like an accident as I know they could handle that much better than suicide .
29,null,null,I have been on antidepressants for 8 months now .
30,null,null,For the 3rd time .
31,null,null,But it seems that they are just putting a ' blanket ' over how I am feeling
32,null,null,and I am not addressing the real issues ; not that I know what they are .
33,null,null,I can not get motivated to study , go to class , go out , anything .
34,null,null,I do not care .
35,null,null,I do not see the point in living a miserable life and what
36,null,null,if there is no point ?
37,null,null,what if our worlds are all the creation of our minds and once our minds are dead , so is our world so there is no one left hurting
38,null,null,once were gone ?
39,null,null,What is the point to a miserable life when it could all be ended now ?
40,null,null,I do not think suicide is the right way to go
41,null,null,- I believe only god , whatever you conceive him to be ( if anything ) should have the only power over life and death , but
42,null,null,why does he take some people and not others ?
43,null,null,( More specifically , me ? )
44,null,null,I pray that he will take me next - give me the cancer meant for someone who loves life - but .
45,null,null,as yet has been to no avail
46,null,null,But if all we are to do is to be alive then die , why can I not decide to take my death into my own hands , like so many people do what they want with their lives ?
47,null,null,Of course , there is always the factor of limbo - do people who commit suicide really end up in limbo ?
48,null,null,I suppose what scares me even more is that - going through the pain and anguish of suicide just to end up in limbo - with just your mind , thinking away for ever .. are my feelings wrong ?
49,null,null,Is it a chemical reaction in my brain ?
50,null,null,Or do I just not belong in this life ?
51,null,null,So confused !
52,null,null,And just do not see the point in being here
53,null,null,- anyone have the answers I am looking for ?
54,null,null,Life is pointless .
627 12
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am 17 and .
2,null,null,am going through some really hard times
3,null,null,My close friend died in a car accident last may , I am going through relationship problems , my body is not fighting disease off very well
4,null,null,, I am looking for where i belong in life / school , I was sexually abused by my boss and
5,null,null,have a trial coming up the first of march
6,null,null,, I have classes like physics and calculus to look forward to , my father
7,null,null,and i have not gotten along very well
8,null,null,which is really hard because we were very close , my mother is pushing me very hard especially since i have interests in becoming a doctor , my job barely pays for my gas , my school told me i would be able to attend a seminar in Wisconsin and
9,null,null,recently told me somebody else got to go instead
10,null,null,, my friends are few and of lately not very true , and sadly that is the start of it ..
11,null,null,i was hoping that i would be able to find somebody that could lend an ear since i have trouble finding anybody that cares much here .
12,null,null,i need a friend ..
628 11
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Life is not fun .
2,null,null,Is that same for everyone ?
3,null,null,Life is not fun .
4,null,null,It is been like this so long that I do not remember when it was fun .
5,null,null,I do not think it was ever fun .
6,null,null,I am not even sure if I am in depression although I was diagnosed so .
7,null,null,They do not know anything about me to diagnose right ?
8,null,null,Is it same for everybody ,
9,null,null,If that is so , why people let this world to be continued ?
10,null,null,I do not know why .
11,null,null,I am really asking why .
629 12
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,What is happening ?
2,null,null,I just felt the weirdest mix of emotions .
3,null,null,I was normal , but
4,null,null,then I started tearing up and breathing really hard .
5,null,null,I began to cry
6,null,null,but I was smiling .
7,null,null,My body went numb
8,null,null,and I held my hands up to my face .
9,null,null,I continued to cry and laugh at the same time .
10,null,null,I pulled at my hair .
11,null,null,It is over now .
12,null,null,I still feel numb .
630 5
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Am I the only one when in social situations even around friends I just want to go home ?
2,null,null,I feel like it is a horrible circle to get stuck in because every single time I am home
3,null,null,I am depressed and
4,null,null,want to be out
5,null,null,but when I am with friends I just want to go back home .
631 58
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Crashing In Sorry this is long .
2,null,null,I have been depressed since I was 15 .
3,null,null,First signs were at age 4 .
4,null,null,I found pot and .
5,null,null,stayed high for 8 years
6,null,null,Clean and sober for 30 years , I never stopped having suicidal thoughts despite medication .
7,null,null,So I tried to bury the pain in relationships , which did not work either .
8,null,null,I have been married three times in recovery .
9,null,null,I had a daughter who I love very much , and
10,null,null,we used to be very close .
11,null,null,She became a reason to live .
12,null,null,Then 4 years ago she did not want to live with me 1/2 time any more .
13,null,null,She became argumentative and
14,null,null,we fought a lot .
15,null,null,Last year I found out she was accusing me of sexual abuse , with help from her mom ( first wife ) and therapist , which is not true .
16,null,null,The therapist never reported the abuse , and .
17,null,null,told daughter I have NPD , which also is not true
18,null,null,So I got a guardian ad litem to investigate and found my daughter was suicidal , claiming PTSD because of the alleged molestation .
19,null,null,The lawyer never helped my daughter , sparking a slide into deeper depression .
20,null,null,My wife and parents did not do much to try to help .
21,null,null,They got angry when I begged them to step in .
22,null,null,Suidical ideation and inappropriate attention - getting threats became an actual plan , and .
23,null,null,a way to do it without leaving the stain of suicide
24,null,null,Then at work I made a $ 5 billion discovery that is extremely disruptive in the industry I work in .
25,null,null,My quarter million dollar program found out millions are being spent on the wrong strategy .
26,null,null,And 1/2 my team works on the other strategy at the same time as they are helping me , so they are taking steps to undermine the findings .
27,null,null,Lately they gave up trying to block the discovery , and .
28,null,null,the fact that we can literally feed more people with no more land used for farming , by raising more animals ( naturally ) with the same amount of feed
29,null,null,I am getting invited to speak globally about the discovery .
30,null,null,The suicidal thoughts deepen , knowing the disruption to status quo is only beginning .
31,null,null,Just before Christmas my third wife moved out , and
32,null,null,I spent Christmas alone because my parents were sick .
33,null,null,Last night she told my mom she intends to get a divorce .
34,null,null,The medicine is not working .
35,null,null,The AA old timers are saying I am depressed because I am not working the steps correctly .
36,null,null,I am going to 2 - 3 meetings a day , most days .
37,null,null,In two days I am shutting down the case I opened to try to get help for my daughter .
38,null,null,I can hardly work , because I can not complete thoughts very well any more , being so depressed .
39,null,null,I have been complaining about feeling depressed and suicidal , because it is true , and
40,null,null,it became a way to relate to the world , which makes people leave .
41,null,null,The spiral is getting tighter , and
42,null,null,it feels like a black hole is pulling me in .
43,null,null,I can not imagine facing another divorce feeling this low .
44,null,null,Mom said to get a roast beef out of the freezer and cook it with some potatoes and carrots and stop thinking about negative things .
45,null,null,I went to Landmark
46,null,null,and they say this is all just a story , and part of a racket I created to avoid responsibility .
47,null,null,They say I can create something different by changing my story .
48,null,null,I have tried a rainbow of medicine , and
49,null,null,tomorrow I increase Latuda from 20 mg to 40 , and keep the trintellex at 20 , per MD .
50,null,null,I can not do anything now because third wife will get 1/2 , and
51,null,null,parents are too old to deal with my belongings .
52,null,null,My thoughts turn to seeing if I can find someone else who will love me anyway , or giving up .
53,null,null,I want to give up but not really .
54,null,null,I really want to live , but
55,null,null,I can not see any hope .
56,null,null,And I can not stand the thought of being alone .
57,null,null,Any help , hope or ideas would be appreciated .
58,null,null,Thank you .
632 95
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I lost my job , i am in the worst place i have ever been , and
2,null,null,nothing makes sense or feels fair .
3,null,null,I have worked at the same place for nearly three years .
4,null,null,It is an entry level retail job , but
5,null,null,i have not ever had anything else , so it was really the only thing that made me feel validated .
6,null,null,Recently , for the fifth time i got passed up for a promotion , but
7,null,null,this time marked the end .
8,null,null,The girl who got promoted over me is one of my best friends in the world .
9,null,null,She is absolutely amazing , and
10,null,null,i am so happy for her , but it was the hardest to accept .
11,null,null,She started about a year ago , and
12,null,null,i helped train her and build her up .
13,null,null,Fairly quickly , we became the face of the job that we did .
14,null,null,She was my partner in everything , and
15,null,null,i feel like i would be there for the things she could not do , and she would be there for the things i could not do .
16,null,null,Seeing her success is the most proud i have ever been , but
17,null,null,it is made me the most miserable .
18,null,null,I basically found out that after busting my ass for over two years , my partner was going to be my boss .
19,null,null,I hate that .
20,null,null,I lost the person that was my rock in the things that i did .
21,null,null,I do not want to work under her , i wanted to be there with her .
22,null,null,She told me when it happened out of respect for me , and
23,null,null,i turned in my resignation the next day .
24,null,null,Now the only thing that made me feel validated and gave me security is gone , and
25,null,null,i do not know what to do .
26,null,null,My friend understood everything of course .
27,null,null,More than just being my partner in work , she was the only person who could tell when things got really bad for me .
28,null,null,When i hide how miserable i am , she is the first person to notice , and .
29,null,null,the only person who understands and will tell me i need what to hear
30,null,null,If there is any upside to all of this , it is that at least i still have my friend .
31,null,null,In my overthinking and fear , i guess i was afraid this would change things .
32,null,null,I learned pretty fast how much care and respect she holds for me , and
33,null,null,i do not think anything will change that .
34,null,null,I hope not .
35,null,null,This job was beating me down .
36,null,null,I trained a lot of our best staff , and
37,null,null,i had a lot of associate come to me before management , feeling like i was more of a leader to them than our actual leadership was .
38,null,null,We lost a lot of people due to burnout and frustration with management , but
39,null,null,i know that i always cared about the people i got to train and help , and took a lot of pride in their success .
40,null,null,Even after getting underpaid , undervalued , and shafted at every turn , i always stayed because i cared about the people i worked with
41,null,null,and i would not give up on them .
42,null,null,One would think that leaving a shit situation would make me happy , but
43,null,null,it just does not .
44,null,null,Despite my 2 + years retail and leadership experience , it is been hard to find another job .
45,null,null,Most people offer me less money than i made before ( not much ) and .
46,null,null,basically completely ignore any qualifications i actually have
47,null,null,I am in school .
48,null,null,I finish community college this year and .
49,null,null,will move to a four year school assuming i can as my performance is not amazing
50,null,null,I I want to pursue grad school to gain qualifications as an industrial / org psychologist , but
51,null,null,everything seems so far away .
52,null,null,I feel like with being a Psych major i am just going to end up equally as useless with a four year degree , and .
53,null,null,even if grad school does work out , that is overall another four years from now
54,null,null,I have to pay bills , and
55,null,null,i hate feeling so useless .
56,null,null,I am not going to starve and die or anything .
57,null,null,My family has money , and , but
58,null,null,has offered to help me pay bills if i can not find a job
59,null,null,that just makes things worse in a way .
60,null,null,I moved away from home because i wanted to be my own person .
61,null,null,It has been three years
62,null,null,and i have not had to ask for help from anybody .
63,null,null,I hate the thought that i will have to rely on these people who have given me everything to give me more .
64,null,null,It is not their fault that i am a fuck up .
65,null,null,A man said to the universe :
66,null,null,Sir , I exist !
67,null,null,However , replied the universe
68,null,null,, The fact has not created in me A sense of obligation .
69,null,null,-
70,null,null,Stephen Crane
71,null,null,I know that life is not fair .
72,null,null,I know nobody owes me anything , but
73,null,null,i hate that it seems like i always end up last .
74,null,null,My friend gets to be happy , my other friend practically runs the store now ( but , because the SM makes all the decisions and she is shitty ) , but
75,null,null,not enough to help
76,null,null,i have the least
77,null,null,and i get the least .
78,null,null,My staff and coworkers get people to hang out with .
79,null,null,Everyone gets to go home to someone that loves them when they fail and gets comfort from that .
80,null,null,I do not get that .
81,null,null,I am alone , and
82,null,null,i have always been .
83,null,null,The joy i get is from making other people happy because i can not make myself happy .
84,null,null,I want to make these people never have to feel how i do .
85,null,null,It is just so fucking unfair that things just seem to work out better for everyone else .
86,null,null,I do not know what to do , i do not know where to go , and
87,null,null,i do not know how to be happy .
88,null,null,This is the worst it has been .
89,null,null,Usually i go home for a bit to take my mind off things , or .
90,null,null,can occupy my time with videos games or something to take my mind off things
91,null,null,Nothing is fun right now .
92,null,null,Not turning to alcohol is hard .
93,null,null,I really feel like things will get better
94,null,null,but .. how fucking long does it take ?
95,null,null,What do i do until then ?
633 10
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am 20 years old today
2,null,null,The one thing I wanted for my birthday would have been a relationship .
3,null,null,I feel so lonely all the damn time , and
4,null,null,the one girl I admitted my feelings who to AND apparently likes me back is already dating someone else .
5,null,null,My grades are dropping , I am losing sleep , and
6,null,null,I distract myself by playing video games in my dorm room all day like the useless loser I am .
7,null,null,And lucky me gets to relive all of this on Valentines Day tomorrow .
8,null,null,So here I am , 20 years old , no longer a teenager , but .
9,null,null,still a fucking child
10,null,null,I am not sure I even want to make it to 21 .
634 20
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am 19 and
2,null,null,I am severely depressed .
3,null,null,I am at my wits end
4,null,null,and i do not know what to do any more .
5,null,null,I feel empty inside and .
6,null,null,the only way I feel something is when I cut myself
7,null,null,I do not care what feeling comes out , whether it is pain , adrenaline , or guilt ..
8,null,null,I do not care what feeling , but
9,null,null,I need to feel something .
10,null,null,I keep thinking that death will be a sweet surrender
11,null,null,and I use to be scared to do it
12,null,null,but now I am not so sure anymore ..
13,null,null,I keep thinking how blissful it would be to finally set myself free , to let my pain and suffering disintegrate along with my soul .
14,null,null,Every time I think of this , I smile ..
15,null,null,and it scares me .
16,null,null,I smile at the thought of death .
17,null,null,I do not how to stop
18,null,null,and I feel as if there is no end to this misery .
19,null,null,I stopped talking to therapists , psychologists , counselors , etc .
20,null,null,There is no hope .
635 19
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Can people stop telling me that hiking and exercise is the magical cure ?
2,null,null,It just frustrates me so much , and .
3,null,null,continues the perpetual cycle of " well if I can not make myself better through such simple actions I must be even more of a failure than I realised "
4,null,null,I appreciate the science behind it , releasing endorphins yada yada , but
5,null,null,if I can not bring myself to drink water or get out of bed am I supposed how to go for a jog ?
6,null,null,If I am so insecure about myself why would running and jiggling in front of everyone to imagine their sneery comments going to make me feel better ?
7,null,null,Where do I find the energy to go for a hike when being awake for three hours
8,null,null,makes my body physically ache ?
9,null,null,I get it
10,null,null,, it is helpful for a lot of people but
11,null,null,telling me to go get my yoga pants on and be at one with nature will not cure a thing and by repeating that useless mantra you are making me worse .
12,null,null,Rant over , I am going back to bed .
13,null,null,Edit : a few people telling me if I exercise I will lose weight and feel better about myself .
14,null,null,I only need to try it apparently .
15,null,null,On the advice of my doctor , I have tried it , even walking .
16,null,null,I do walk , every day , no matter how I feel .
17,null,null,I also do not need to lose weight and being overweight is not the reason I am depressed ( because I am not overweight ) .
18,null,null,Just saying to stop preaching the exercise mantra as if it is the only thing that could possibly fix what is a very real mental illness that has nothing to do with how often I move , flex or jump .
19,null,null,My point is that it is not working .
636 18
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I do not know what to do anymore .
2,null,null,I am so tired of my doctor
3,null,null,telling me there will be a perfect medication .
4,null,null,I am so tired of trying
5,null,null,and it not working .
6,null,null,I am just ..
7,null,null,tired .
8,null,null,I feel like I am not good enough
9,null,null,and I have a hard time trying to just get out of bed everyday .
10,null,null,I just want to be happy .
11,null,null,My current meds just make me feel angry .
12,null,null,I do not know what is worse ..
13,null,null,we are going to try something new
14,null,null,and I pray it works ..
15,null,null,I am not doing enough for my family and my therapist
16,null,null,just says keep trying
17,null,null,and she knows I can push out of the bad places
18,null,null,but I just do not have the energy to keep fighting it on my own anymore .
637 14
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Abnormal I am so used to being depressed and anxious
2,null,null,I am amazed how people can act normally in general .
3,null,null,I am like how do they do it ?
4,null,null,I am so used to feeling uncomfortable in my skin that its normal for me to feel awkward and weird in social situations .
5,null,null,The fact that people everywhere do not have to deal with this everyday and just can " be themselves " without breaking a nervous sweat blows my mind .
6,null,null,I feel abnormal and tired of it .
7,null,null,This is the part people do not understand .
8,null,null,I have met shy people and
9,null,null,they are effective communicators once they get over that initial hesitancy of speaking .
10,null,null,When you are overcome with social anxiety , depression , and feelings of incompetency its damn near impossible to speak or want to .
11,null,null,Every word you utter to someone is misinterpreted because half the time its not heard or not what you meant to say .
12,null,null,So frustrating I can not explain it but its killing me .
13,null,null,How I feel and .
14,null,null,how incapable I am in saying what I feel
638 6
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Does therapy help ? ?
2,null,null,For 5 years I have had the same problems , I am .
3,null,null,socially withdrawn and really not happy
4,null,null,I really want to change , but
5,null,null,every time I think about the life I want for myself it seems absolutely impossible , and I continue the cycle .
6,null,null,Does therapy really help ?
639 19
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am new to the forum
2,null,null,and this is the most interesting thread I have found so far .
3,null,null,I am in my mid fifties and .
4,null,null,have suffered from depression for as long as I can remember
5,null,null,It is got a lot worse lately .
6,null,null,I have been an " underachiever " because of it , but
7,null,null,now I have slowly lost just about everything .
8,null,null,I have been on Prozac , Effexor , etc . , and
9,null,null,I am now on Zispin .
10,null,null,This latest one makes me sleep a lot .
11,null,null,I could not get up for work even if I could hold down a job .
12,null,null,I have gone from being a successful business man to losing wife , estranging my kids and grand kids
13,null,null,, I am unemployed , out of money and running out of hope .
14,null,null,It is time that depression in men was seen as the problem it really is .
15,null,null,How many of us are performing so far below what we are intellectually , physically and emotionally capable of ?
16,null,null,It is not just a personal problem .
17,null,null,It is a problem for our families and friends and
18,null,null,I believe it robs our society of a lot of valuable people .
19,null,null,Here is hoping that there really is a solution out there somewhere .
640 20
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I was not going to do it , I really was not .
2,null,null,I was off in my own little happy medicine head world , but
3,null,null,he had to go and ruin it for me .
4,null,null,He sure as HELL did not need to invite his fucking parents over at 8 am Saturday morning .
5,null,null,I do not know what is worse , the fact he invited them over that early or the fact that he is leaving at 9 am and leaving me alone with the them .
6,null,null,FOAD dear husband .
7,null,null,You certainly earned it .
8,null,null,Oh and FOAD IL is for even thinking of showing the fuck up at my house at 8 am .
9,null,null,SHAME ON YOU .
10,null,null,Screw the medicine , I will just bang my head against the wall .
11,null,null,Either way my head will still feel like crap .
12,null,null,One more thing , FOAD Cars .
13,null,null,Yes that cute little kid is movie .
14,null,null,Little Man is new favorite expression ! " , and
15,null,null,is " KA - CHOW
16,null,null,I can not tell you how fucking annoying that is .
17,null,null,( Whew can I swear any more in this post ?
18,null,null,I do not think so ..
19,null,null,ow .
20,null,null,My poor head )
641 67
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Hi folks , I have only discovered this topic after making several previous posts I am from a traditional Asian culture , but .
2,null,null,now half - westernized on migration to Australia since age 6
3,null,null,I have had a long history that stems right to my parents ' histories before I was born .
4,null,null,To cut it very short , my father has schizoid / schizotypal / socially withdrawn personality traits , and my mother has dependent traits , so they basically had a loveless marriage ( common in my culture ) .
5,null,null,There is a long history of parental quarrelling and physical abuse on my mother before and after I was born , some of which I heard as a child to early teens .
6,null,null,I was seldom exposed socially growing up , and
7,null,null,I had few school friends .
8,null,null,I was also ' born ' a quiet person , but this and lack of socializing made me a withdrawn kid .
9,null,null,When I was about 4 , I believe I experienced one psychotic episode ( I isaw ' 2 caped ' grim reapers ' at that time ) , since which I have no further experiences .
10,null,null,I experienced a few bouts of depression during secondary school , for which I did not seek help because of my shyness and parental / cultural stigma that wouldepression does not exist ' ( .
11,null,null,thankfully my family has ditched that attitude now )
12,null,null,During that time , I had many suicidal thoughts and maybe 3 times but .
13,null,null,attempted suicide
14,null,null,did not tell anyone about it
15,null,null,A very terrible incident also happened towards the end of high school - one night , I physically assaulted my father while he was quarrelling with mom , and
16,null,null,he was hospitalized .
17,null,null,I got charged with assault , but
18,null,null,no conviction was recorded after I did psychotherapy for anger control
19,null,null,- that was also the only therapeutic contact with psychological / psychiatric services I had until very recently .
20,null,null,That incident , although I felt numb through that time , has been scarred into my memory - I can still recall the events , and
21,null,null,my conscience is still wrecked over it , though I continue to fight it and let it go .
22,null,null,At school , I was a top - end academic achiever in science and math .
23,null,null,I was named dux of the school on graduation .
24,null,null,Upon entering university , my depression became worse mainly because of increased social isolation .
25,null,null,I was still shy and withdrawn
26,null,null,, I lost contact with my high school friends ( they also saw me as ' weird ' , but
27,null,null,I was also a bit narcissistic towards them at some times -
28,null,null,I think it was an unconscious aggressive reaction towards them ) , and .
29,null,null,failed to make any lasting friendship with university peers
30,null,null,One year into university , I started studying Medicine , which I am still doing at the moment .
31,null,null,However I felt that course had over time did not improve me , though I did make few friends .
32,null,null,I still felt unable to socialize with peers , even though I was in constant contact with them through many lectures and tutorials .
33,null,null,Even though I was an average performer , I felt I struggled heavily through the years with study .
34,null,null,Late last year , my depression hit a new low -
35,null,null,my parents had another quarrel , and
36,null,null,I was studying psychiatry which forced me to realize the extensiveness of my past and current problems .
37,null,null,It was another awful time - I lost a lot of self - confidence / esteem , .
38,null,null,became more withdrawn
39,null,null,I ended up failing my first practical exam but still passed given my past satisfactory academic record - the faculty put it down to lack of practice , but
40,null,null,the truth is because of what I experienced leading up to the exam .
41,null,null,In this year however my depressive bouts became much worse - my few friends had deferred , and
42,null,null,I was left with no friends , despite still knowing the others ' by name ' .
43,null,null,My experience during this year was largely negative - I felt harassed by teaching doctors , peers , being looked at as a ' weirdo ' and
44,null,null,excluded from conversations and their social outings
45,null,null,( whether this was a valid view , I am finding out now by resocializing with them -
46,null,null,my main aim at the moment ) .
47,null,null,Over the last 2 months I had about 5 more depressive episodes , and
48,null,null,attempted suicide 3 times
49,null,null,, again nobody knew about them .
50,null,null,It became a frantic situation - I approached the faculty dean for help , but
51,null,null,he only recommended me a psychiatrist , he was supposed who to contact before I contacted him .
52,null,null,However that psychiatrist was not notified , and
53,null,null,I felt very angry about it and thought that nobody was out there to help me .
54,null,null,In retrospect , my view was unrealistic - help only exists on a professional level , something I knew long before but did not acknowledge at that time , making me upset .
55,null,null,My depression faded away a few days later .
56,null,null,A few nights ago , I had a short dispute with mom , .
57,null,null,got upset and this eventually led to me joining this forum after a quick search on the net
58,null,null,Why am I writing this intro ?
59,null,null,Several reasons .
60,null,null,I want to tell my story to others , and feel this is a stepping stone to encourage myself .
61,null,null,I also want others not yet aware that depression can affect ANYONE , even the best of us , even those involved in the medical profession ( up to 30 % of junior doctors suffer from depression , and up to 10 % have attempted / committed suicide ) .
62,null,null,I want to improve my own situation - most of all , learning to deal with feelings of sadness and negatively that has crippled me mentally in the past , and
63,null,null,my lack of sociability which does not help my situation .
64,null,null,I know deep inside I am capable of pulling through , of being able to live a normal healthy life because I am aware of my problems and have the power to deal with them .
65,null,null,Finally , although I am still a student , I believe my position is privileged and that I should use what knowledge I have learnt to help others as best as I can , something I will be bound to by Hippocratic Oath on finishing school .
66,null,null,I am grateful that such a forum exists for others and me to express our thoughts , experiences and feelings , and that there are people out there who devote themselves for such causes .
67,null,null,Thank you all .
642 14
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,i have suffered from depression for a long time and .
2,null,null,used to self harm while i was at school
3,null,null,things seemed to be getting better , i got a job , boyfriend and was a lot happier .
4,null,null,but lately I have just got fired , me and my boyfriend are splitting up , i lost 3 of my pet rats in a short period of time .
5,null,null,everything is going downhill
6,null,null,and i can not seem to stop it .
7,null,null,I have been thinking more and more about self harm again .
8,null,null,i can not help it .
9,null,null,i just can not take it all anymore .
10,null,null,i guess i just had to tell someone .
11,null,null,someone who will understand and not be judgmental and just say , do not do that again , as it is not as easy as that as I am sure you all know .
12,null,null,ETA :
13,null,null,i have not cut for a few years .
14,null,null,but the temptation is too much at the moment .
643 21
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Could anyone help me . !
2,null,null,First my doctor gave me Wellbutrin SR ..
3,null,null,well it made me too panicky ..
4,null,null,This was 150 SR .
5,null,null,So then he gave me Wellbutrin XL at 150 mg .
6,null,null,This was doing well but not quite enough
7,null,null,so he gave me 300 XL
8,null,null,and I was so sleepy
9,null,null,I could not handle it .
10,null,null,I do not know why it made me so sleepy
11,null,null,but I only stayed on it a few days
12,null,null,and then I went back to the doctor
13,null,null,and he said " ok let is go back to the SR pills but
14,null,null,at 100 mg .
15,null,null,Well I am still have those nervous feelings .
16,null,null,It is like I get hot , I get antsy and dizzy .
17,null,null,headed
18,null,null,I am guessing the SR is dispensed faster or something ?
19,null,null,Could anyone please help me and .
20,null,null,tell me what has worked the best for them
21,null,null,I would appreciate any help I could get .
644 26
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,it do not get no better than this Last night was a success .
2,null,null,I was in truly rare form .
3,null,null,My last non - fuzzy memory is of chugging beers at a friend , but
4,null,null,is around 10:30
5,null,null,highlights of the night include : making out with two of my girl friends ; flashing one of my more reserved friends ( reaction : "
6,null,null,Did she just flash me ? ? " ) ; waking up this morning with a stranger is cell phone on my desk ( a peek through the phone book , and
7,null,null,I was pretty sure he is not a law student ) , but thankfully no owner of the cell phone in my bed ; doing way too many shots when , after being asked if I wanted to do shots , I responded , " I really should not do whiskey shots .. Bring me the tequila ! "
8,null,null,and apparently a solid effort at drunk dialing
9,null,null,, if the outgoing call log on my cell is any indication .
10,null,null,We had a really fun night , but
11,null,null,then getting shitty with friends is always a good time .
12,null,null,I think I was still drunk when I went to Civ Pro this morning , hmm .
13,null,null,The bar we went to is dead on Thursday nights ( though really packed on Friday and Saturday nights ) .
14,null,null,It was nice , though -- we had the bar to ourselves .
15,null,null,About 40 people showed up , and
16,null,null,after talking to us for awhile , the owner said he would give us drink specials on Thursday nights if we came back .
17,null,null,He even comped a lot of our drinks , which was cool .
18,null,null,We will definitely be back .
19,null,null,I liked this place already , but
20,null,null,this is true incentive .
21,null,null,A couple people are out tonight , but
22,null,null,I lost my steam after Happy Hour .
23,null,null,I just felt too exhausted to even think about going out .
24,null,null,I made macaroni & cheese , .
25,null,null,sat on the couch , and watched TV
26,null,null,It is been a nice , quiet night .
645 26
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I myself have suffered Major Depression Disorder for years .
2,null,null,I myself got diagnosed in the last year and with Major Depressive Disorder , Recurrent , Moderate , Severity ; Disorder of Written Expression ; Reading Disorder ; and even Asperger is Disorder .
3,null,null,half
4,null,null,I was diagnosed in 2004 .
5,null,null,The Doctor and I did many tests .
6,null,null,When I got My diagnosed with depression by the doctor
7,null,null,I Myself was not surprise by the diagnoses .
8,null,null,Though we did not to what I remember did not talk about depression .
9,null,null,I knew I have been suffering depression for years that even I could diagnose myself .
10,null,null,I myself have been trying to get help for myself for the last five years .
11,null,null,I have been on various drugs like Paxil which had made me suicidal in 200 .
12,null,null,I got off it though before I did commit suicide
13,null,null,I thank God for that .
14,null,null,My depression has always made me suicidal at one time or another .
15,null,null,Living with depression has made me do things like drinking and such things like that in My Life .
16,null,null,With My Depression in My Life has lead Me to find Myself in ways that I am learning from My Depression .
17,null,null,I have a cousin that committed suicide 2005
18,null,null,His Life will be missed I know for Myself for He
19,null,null,also suffered a Major Depressive Disorder .
20,null,null,I sometimes just feel like giving up Myself but .
21,null,null,have yet found something so I will not give up in the end
22,null,null,I hope I still yet learn something that I do not every give up .
23,null,null,I have done this for many years with out any doctors or drugs to help Me .
24,null,null,Sometimes I wonder why I am still here living on this Earth .
25,null,null,It sometimes has been very hard for Me just like My cousin .
26,null,null,I will leave it there
646 26
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,struggling to plug back in throwaway .
2,null,null,anyway .
3,null,null,i feel incredibly distant from everything .
4,null,null,i feel like everyone is at the party , laughing and having a good time , and
5,null,null,i am stood outside watching .
6,null,null,everyone just seems to be able to connect to one another .
7,null,null,people seem to feel what i do not .
8,null,null,i have gone through a tough part of life recently , and
9,null,null,i feel nothing about it .
10,null,null,i feel like i am too analytical and critical .
11,null,null,everything i look at , it is fake .
12,null,null,cheap .
13,null,null,nothing complicated .
14,null,null,just crap .
15,null,null,everything just feels fake .
16,null,null,i went to the doctors about this .
17,null,null,they gave me sertaline .
18,null,null,it made me feel really shitty in the morning .
19,null,null,and made me suicidal .
20,null,null,they then put me citalopram .
21,null,null,that just felt like nothing .
22,null,null,no differences .
23,null,null,i never feel really happy .
24,null,null,am i doing something wrong ?
25,null,null,am i to be like this forever ?
26,null,null,why would i continue if this were the case ?
647 23
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I have basically been living a lie for the last year .
2,null,null,My depression / social anxiety has become so crippling that I am scared to work outside of the home , but
3,null,null,I told my parents that I was working anyway , because I did not want them to know how bad it was .
4,null,null,I was not taking money from them or
5,null,null,anything
6,null,null,( I do not live with my parents , and
7,null,null,my husband has a great job
8,null,null,and I do not technically HAVE to work )
9,null,null,but now that I have come clean about it
10,null,null,my mother says she feels " manipulated .
11,null,null," I guess I can see why , and
12,null,null,I do feel really bad about lying to them .
13,null,null,I suppose that their forgiveness will just take time .
14,null,null,But the thing is , I can not tell any of them
15,null,null,HOW BAD THIS REALLY
16,null,null,IS , including my husband .
17,null,null,It is to the point now where I am even afraid to see a doctor .
18,null,null,I am sure there is not some magic formula for getting past actually having to admit that you have a really serious problem , but
19,null,null,I was just wondering how some of you were able to get past that feeling of embarrassment and shame that keeps you from getting help , and telling the people you love the truth .
20,null,null,Every day is getting harder and harder , especially now that my family knows I have been lying .
21,null,null,I really thought telling them would make everything a little easier ( lying = instant paranoia ! ) , but
22,null,null,now I can not stop thinking about how I have ruined my relationships with them forever , and I am even more hopeless than I was before .
23,null,null,How can I get past this embarrassment ?
648 5
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,From the moment I wake up I wish I was still asleep .
2,null,null,That s the hardest part about going to bed at night you know ?
3,null,null,I would love to just sleep forever but every night I have trouble going to bed knowing
4,null,null,I am gon na wake up .
5,null,null,It is the worst part of the day .
649 16
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Cried in a bathroom stall I am not the type to post this kind of things , but
2,null,null,I hate myself .
3,null,null,I try my best to socialize , to be emphatic
4,null,null,but I end up here every single time .
5,null,null,Alone , boring and .
6,null,null,fucking
7,null,null,depressed
8,null,null,Sometimes I think maybe I should be dead instead of someone else who had way better success at life than I did .
9,null,null,I hate feeling this way
10,null,null,and I take it out on my family when I can not control it .
11,null,null,No matter how hard I try , socially I get nowhere ,
12,null,null,no friends , .
13,null,null,no relationships and no happiness
14,null,null,So here I am , if you guys know any sort of assassin hit me up , I might actually pay you to take me out .
15,null,null,Save me the trouble of doing it myself .
16,null,null,Peace out .
650 26
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I have just now realized now , after 24 + years of experiencing it , that what I have suffered from is depression .
2,null,null,Soon after that , I spoke to my dad about it , and , and
3,null,null,learned he would been on AD is for over 10 years now
4,null,null,he said he probably could have used them from the time he was about 15 years old on .
5,null,null,He also said my paternal grandmother is side of the family
6,null,null,was all just like us (
7,null,null,my dad and I are almost carbon copies of each other , except he is always seemed much more " perfect " to me than I am . )
8,null,null,He also said my oldest half brother is also on AD is .
9,null,null,I also talked to my oldest daughter ( who is 21 year - old ) , and
10,null,null,she said she is been on AD
11,null,null,is a few times too .
12,null,null,I can say also that I learned many years after his death that my maternal grandfather experienced severe depression before I was born .
13,null,null,He had shock therapy
14,null,null,multiple times it seems ..
15,null,null,but I do not know if his problems were entirely from the extreme horrors he experienced in WWII , or a combination of that plus other problems .
16,null,null,When I knew him he was always a sweet loving , rather quiet , man ( and my favorite person in the world other than my dad . )
17,null,null,My dad said he never associated my problems with depression ( of course , neither did I ) , but
18,null,null,now it all clicks .
19,null,null,I wish I would known all this when I was younger , that depression had not had the stigma it had back in the 1970s & 80s , and that I could have gotten treatment back then .
20,null,null,Of course , if I had , I would not have the same life I have now , so
21,null,null,I guess I can not complain about that ( and honestly would not change a thing ..
22,null,null,I would not risk losing my kids or what I have accomplished , no matter how crooked and difficult the path as been ) .
23,null,null,But I will definitely watch my young kids now for signs of depression ( especially my 4 year - old daughter , since she seems to have a similar personality to my dad and I ) .
24,null,null,If I see it , they will get the treatment they need immediately !
25,null,null,So in that sense I think this is a blessing ..
26,null,null,knowledge is power .
651 25
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I posted here sometime in December I think .
2,null,null,I was having tons of digestive problems
3,null,null,, well it is been about 4 months now
4,null,null,and I am still having them , but
5,null,null,now I also feel extremely fatigued all the time too
6,null,null,, I have had test after test and seen doctor after doctor , everything comes back negative .
7,null,null,I was actually put on Zoloft for about a month but
8,null,null,taken off of it to try other things
9,null,null,b / c that was not doing the trick either .
10,null,null,I am back to thinking that it is all in my head , I am now on b12 shots but
11,null,null,those are not doing anything either .
12,null,null,I feel like a zombie , I have zero energy and zero motivation to do anything .
13,null,null,Even the simplest task like styling my hair seems like a huge chore that I just want to put off .
14,null,null,All I want to do is sleep all day .
15,null,null,One thing I have noticed is that man do I ever waste time , I mean I literally do nothing but
16,null,null,waste time most of the day .
17,null,null,I only have about two hours of class per day and no job
18,null,null,so I have tons of free time to waste away .
19,null,null,I analyzed what I did in the past hour
20,null,null,and it basically went like this
21,null,null,: The entire time I was talking to myself non - stop , analyzing things , analyzing my situation , thinking of motivational quotes etc .. I tend to do that all day .
22,null,null,For about 15 minutes I stood around leaning against a wall , the next 15 minutes i leaned against the television , then I went and lied down for a while all while still thinking and analyzing things in my head , then I came on the computer to just look at random , pointless things .
23,null,null,And that is pretty much how most of my time is spent , I might spend an hour or so just standing around or sitting doing nothing but thinking or daydreaming , that can not possibly be healthy and I obviously have way too much free time , I am just not sure if this is what is in turn causing all my fatigue and sickness .
24,null,null,Have I become so addicted to this lifestyle that my mind will purposely make me feel sick
25,null,null,so I have an excuse to live like this ?
652 49
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I began to openly discuss my depression to my friends .
2,null,null,It was very painful to discuss
3,null,null,but I think it is a step in the right direction .
4,null,null,Up to now , I have never discussed my depression with anyone besides my husband and my therapist .
5,null,null,I have slight PTSD from when I was kid and a teacher had been " concerned " for me by some disturbing behavior .
6,null,null,I felt even more misunderstood and .
7,null,null,felt so much anguish that I became really good at disguising my depression
8,null,null,I hid it under a fake , likable , version of myself because I wanted to fit in and feel like I belong .
9,null,null,Currently , my closest friends are my coworkers but they the most judgmental people I have known .
10,null,null,We became close by commiserating together at work .
11,null,null,Fast forward a few years , I am finally starting to feel better after seeking help for my depression .
12,null,null,I have been seeing a therapist for over a year , .
13,null,null,began taking antidepressants two months ago , and have been taking cognitive behavioral therapy sessions
14,null,null,As I begin to feel better , I also feel more miserable hanging out with my friends .
15,null,null,I decided to be more open with the people around me about my depression .
16,null,null,I revealed it today for the first time with one of my closest friends .
17,null,null,It was incredibly scary for me ..
18,null,null,I have not felt this vulnerable in a long time .
19,null,null,My friends typically see me as a guarded person with a hard exterior , but
20,null,null,I felt tears welling in my eyes .
21,null,null,He was very surprised to hear , but
22,null,null,I am not the first person he knows with depression
23,null,null,so it was reassuring to know he did not think I was some sort of freak .
24,null,null,He also commended me for taking steps in getting better and .
25,null,null,encouraged me to continue talking about it
26,null,null,It was a positive experience overall .
27,null,null,I then decided to tell another friend later in the day because I was feeling good after the discussion I had earlier .
28,null,null,It went a little differently though ..
29,null,null,His first question was , " what do you have to be depressed about ? ! "
30,null,null,which instantly flooded my mind with negative feelings of remorse .
31,null,null,I tried my best to keep calm and answer his questions honestly .
32,null,null,I explained that it is not any thing or anyone that is making me
33,null,null,* feel * depressed .
34,null,null,It is a mental condition I have which causes me to be in a persistent state of sadness and worthlessness .
35,null,null,He asked me if I understand where Eric is coming from ( his bipolar nephew that he sometimes mentions ) , and
36,null,null,I said yes .
37,null,null,He then seemed to become more curious and .
38,null,null,asked me many questions about it is what like
39,null,null,In the end , I feel like I educated him on depression and hopefully helped debunk his belief that depression is just a feeling that people should be able to snap out of .
40,null,null,I honestly do not think I could have these conversations if I was in the state
41,null,null,I was even a month ago .
42,null,null,Even today , I felt myself slipping into the familiar downward spiral .
43,null,null,I do not know what kept me composed today , but
44,null,null,I am so proud of myself for making it through the conversation without snapping or becoming defensive .
45,null,null,Perhaps if I had these conversations in reverse order , it could have been a completely different experience .
46,null,null,I hope this inspires others to talk about it .
47,null,null,, seek help and be open to receiving it
48,null,null,It was quite uncomfortable but
49,null,null,I am happy to create an opening for other people to understand what we are going through .
653 21
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am a 30 year old , married .
2,null,null,, stay at home mom to 4 kids
3,null,null,I was diagnosed with depression about 2 years ago after some MAJOR problems in my marriage .
4,null,null,Although I have been in and out of depression for the last 14 years .
5,null,null,I was put on Prozac , took that for 2 years and .
6,null,null,made the mistake of taking myself off it
7,null,null,So , I am right back where I started from .
8,null,null,I think for me a lot of it is ..
9,null,null,my life should have been so much different .
10,null,null,I should not have gotten married at 19 (
11,null,null,even though I love him ) , should have finished college , etc .. there are so many should haves you know ?
12,null,null,I have been suicidal .. though not for a long time .
13,null,null,I know there are things I need to do for my kids and my family , but
14,null,null,many days I just can not bring myself to do them .
15,null,null,WHAT IS WRONG WITH ME ? ?
16,null,null,Even though I know the answer
17,null,null,I ask the question every day .
18,null,null,Why can not I be normal ?
19,null,null,Why can not I just be a wife and a mother and ?
20,null,null,have that be enough
21,null,null,I wish everyone well in this terrifying journey we all have to endure .
654 10
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Can depression make you see only the ' negative ' aspects of your SO ?
2,null,null,I do not know what to think anymore .
3,null,null,I am in a relationship and
4,null,null,maybe we are just not meant to be .
5,null,null,Did depression ever cause you to only see the negative aspects of your SO ?
6,null,null,Like you thought to yourself : " His nose looks weird " or " I do not like his hair " or " His teeth are not even " .
7,null,null,Things that did not bother you before .. Or but
8,null,null,that you did not pay attention to
9,null,null,now now you do ?
10,null,null,I am so desperate .
655 8
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I do not even want to talk anymore
2,null,null,I will not ever say a word again , cause I would only regret it .
3,null,null,Let me do what I have to do .
4,null,null,I will do what I have to do , I fear what I will do .
5,null,null,I gave up .
6,null,null,I did , there is no point in doing this .
7,null,null,I am sorry .
8,null,null,Have a good day , wherever you are .
656 22
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I have been neglecting you
2,null,null,my wonderful little blog have not I ?
3,null,null,I am sorry ..
4,null,null,I did not mean to .
5,null,null,Last night Carmen was a giggle , and
6,null,null,so was the Anakali .
7,null,null,I am glad I did not go into the Blue Rock .
8,null,null,Even in my drunken state I realized it was a bad idea .
9,null,null,I am glad Gem did her job ( Go gem ! )
10,null,null,and I did mine by not going to the Blue Rock after , and taking her home with me
11,null,null,so Life is good .
12,null,null,ish .
13,null,null,Yet again , I am surprised by lack of hangover , but
14,null,null,I am not complaining .
15,null,null,The day I get a hangover will be the day cows start flying ..
16,null,null,hopefully .. I shall be quiet now .
17,null,null,I have hockey to go to .
18,null,null,Tech to do .
19,null,null,Violin to practice .
20,null,null,Awakenings to happen .
21,null,null,You get the idea ..
22,null,null,Love you ! !
657 29
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,i am so tired
2,null,null,i do not know what i am doing in life or where i am going
3,null,null,and i know i am young and have plenty of time to figure it out
4,null,null,but that does not make life any less intimidating .
5,null,null,after i graduated hs my parents told me to wait to go to college because we could not afford it .
6,null,null,understandable , we have always been poor , just barely making ends meet .
7,null,null,that was two years ago .
8,null,null,i have watched all my friends go away to college , .
9,null,null,move out , become functioning adults and completely forget about me
10,null,null,and i am living with my parents getting maybe $ 20 a month in allowance .
11,null,null,sad
12,null,null,, i know .
13,null,null,but i have applied for jobs .
14,null,null,everyday i look for a new place to send my pathetic rsum .
15,null,null,been doing that for a while now .
16,null,null,no calls back .
17,null,null,my parents are overworked and and
18,null,null,stressed
19,null,null,they take it out on me .
20,null,null,i do not blame them , if they had not had me they would be doing pretty good in life .
21,null,null,i just want to become something , really anything at this point , i just want them to be proud of me for once
22,null,null,and i do not fucking know how .
23,null,null,i am so fucking stuck and tired .
24,null,null,it took me 18 years to grow into the useless worthless piece of garbage
25,null,null,i am today
26,null,null,and i could not be more over it .
27,null,null,just want to sleep forever .
28,null,null,18 years was way too long for me
29,null,null,and i am done now
658 17
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Has your family always ignored your problem ?
2,null,null,I think the hardest part of being depressed since I was a kid is how absolutely ignored
3,null,null,I was / am by my family .
4,null,null,My parents split up when I was 5 and my father died when I was 10 .
5,null,null,My family completely sweeped it under the rug like I was supposed to be completely ok with it
6,null,null,and it has never been a topic of discussion at home .
7,null,null,I walked around sad , .
8,null,null,slumbered over , quiet , avoided eye contact and stared into the distance for years and years and no one ever assumed proper to ask if there is something wrong with me
9,null,null,The only time they sent a psychologist my way was when they had to determine who I should live with after divorce .
10,null,null,My mother to this day seems absolutely oblivious to my suffering .
11,null,null,I do not ever feel like telling them for they will propably assume I am ungrateful and spoilt .
12,null,null,I have had everything !
13,null,null,They sent me to school , .
14,null,null,fed me , put clothes on my back
15,null,null,What else could I possibly need ?
16,null,null,I do not want to burden or blame anyone for what has happened
17,null,null,but just I feel so abandoned .
659 23
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I feel like I am not cut out to be an adult in this life .
2,null,null,r
3,null,null,/ GetMotivated hardly helps me
4,null,null,so I do not know why I still visit it .
5,null,null,I always see some stupid bullshit like , " When life knocks you down , get up and knock it down harder " or whatever .
6,null,null,I know it works for some people , but
7,null,null,that stuff just makes me angry because it is *
8,null,null,so * not me .
9,null,null,I am not a fighter .
10,null,null,I do not understand how to just keep pushing and keep going on like that .
11,null,null,I guess I have been doing that somewhat if I have made it to be 21
12,null,null,but I am so fucking miserable .
13,null,null,I do not understand how people get motivated and " just deal with it " and all that shit .
14,null,null,And I know it is a meme to say that you are fine but do not want to get into because they would not understand
15,null,null,but it is so fucking true ,
16,null,null,and I know I am just feeding into the cliches .
17,null,null,Going back to the title , I think it is entirely likely I am not meant to survive on this earth .
18,null,null,In a universe that is so fucking vast , it makes too much sense for there to be the possibility that some humans just are not meant to live like everyone else .
19,null,null,Maybe I am destined to kill myself .
20,null,null,I would rather not , I would rather
21,null,null,something else kill me
22,null,null,so I
23,null,null,* do not * have to deal with it .
660 43
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I appreciate you .
2,null,null,Life is a strange place .
3,null,null,Full of misfortune , pain and suffering .
4,null,null,For whomever is reading this .
5,null,null,You do not deserve the pain and depression that you may have .
6,null,null,I do not know what you have experienced in you are life .
7,null,null,I want to say I am sorry for everything bad that is happened to you .
8,null,null,Everyone deserves to be loved and to be happy .
9,null,null,For those who do not have anyone to compliment you , let me be their friend .
10,null,null,You are the most beautiful being I have ever seen .
11,null,null,You are intelligent , strong , and wonderful .
12,null,null,I am am so proud of you .
13,null,null,You can do whatever you want .
14,null,null,If you want be successful then I will be here to say " I believe in you ! .
15,null,null," I am you are biggest fan
16,null,null,and I will always be rooting for you .
17,null,null,When I see you , I see a hero .
18,null,null,You survived so many years of life .
19,null,null,Nothing has fully stopped you from living your life .
20,null,null,You have survived this long .
21,null,null,If you think life would be better with you being gone , then you are sadly mistaken .
22,null,null,Screw those people who try to bring you down .
23,null,null,To spite them you should live your life to the fullest .
24,null,null,Take a moment and .
25,null,null,try to enjoy this
26,null,null,Feel the sun is light on your beautiful face .
27,null,null,Take a nap on the earth soft grass .
28,null,null,Smell the flowers and .
29,null,null,enjoy your favorite food
30,null,null,It is important to take a break and just take things slow for a moment .
31,null,null,Life is constantly going to try to bring you down .
32,null,null,When you fall I wanna lend you my hand to lift you back up , as l believe you would do the same for me .
33,null,null,We are all brothers amd sisters here .
34,null,null,When life pushes we need to stand together and push back .
35,null,null,I appreciate you and all that you stand for .
36,null,null,When you are feeling down , I want you to stop and try to appreciate others .
37,null,null,Appreciate those who walk the same path with you .
38,null,null,Thank you for listening to me and .
39,null,null,thank you for being you
40,null,null,I appreciate you
41,null,null,and I am sure others do too .
42,null,null,I hope you can find it in you to appreciate and help others .
43,null,null,Have a lovely day .
661 26
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I went to Lauren is place last night with Lee and
2,null,null,watched
3,null,null,Takashi Miike is Audition with them and Loro
4,null,null,is boyfriend Thomas .
5,null,null,It was great .
6,null,null,Especially for a Friday the 13th .
7,null,null,I can not wait to see Ichi the Killer with them .
8,null,null,Oh , and Visitor Q !
9,null,null,I do not think I have ever known anyone who can sit through his movies and enjoy them with me , rather than be grossed out and run away .
10,null,null,Hah !
11,null,null,Yay !
12,null,null,Hurray for sick fuckers !
13,null,null,I panicked at work just before 5:00pm on Friday and .
14,null,null,ended up calling my doctor to schedule an appointment so that I could get back onto my medication
15,null,null,I thought I would be fine without it .
16,null,null,After all , it is been about a month now .
17,null,null,My eyes water at the mere mentioning of something upsetting
18,null,null,and I have been getting frustrated really easily .
19,null,null,Whether I like it or not , I am going to need to stay on it .
20,null,null,Hopefully not forever .
21,null,null,I just started to become really worried
22,null,null,because orientation for Chili is has begun and this coming two weeks are going to be full - on training .
23,null,null,I can not afford to lose it since I already gave my notice in at the shop .
24,null,null,I went on a shopping spree at work to get a few things I have had my eye on so that I could still get a discount .
25,null,null,Is that bad ?
26,null,null,Meh .
662 22
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I do not know what to do anymore .
2,null,null,I really do not know what to do anymore .
3,null,null,It is just too hard .
4,null,null,I try to be positive and
5,null,null,act like nothing is bothering me
6,null,null,but that does not help at all .
7,null,null,Everyone says it is supposed to get easier , but
8,null,null,it does not .
9,null,null,I have tried reaching out a couple times to talk to someone about it
10,null,null,but they really do not want anything to do with me .
11,null,null,I do not blame them though , it is not their fault nor .
12,null,null,are they obligated in any way to be friends with me
13,null,null,I feel like I am becoming a bigger burden on those around me .
14,null,null,I think I am just not built for this world .
15,null,null,I understand not everyone is , but
16,null,null,I am starting to come to terms with it
17,null,null,and I am getting really close ..
18,null,null,real close .
19,null,null,I do not know how to cope with any of this
20,null,null,and I am just going to stop trying to .
21,null,null,If it happens , it happens .
22,null,null,No big deal in the grand scheme of things .
663 76
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,What is the point of coming up if you are gon na go down ?
2,null,null,I moved to a new city with the love of my life after 5 years of loving him .
3,null,null,I was ready to propose , I looked at rings , I called jewelers .
4,null,null,I debated getting a ring of meteorite , you know ?
5,null,null,He is super nerdy , super cute .
6,null,null,Science geek and .
7,null,null,all
8,null,null,I would like to think every guy buying rings thinks about the meteorite ring haha .
9,null,null,Then he tells me that he feels like a she .
10,null,null,I loved her no matter what .
11,null,null,I told her I still loved her and that she is going to be one of the most beautiful girls ever .
12,null,null,I still planned to propose .
13,null,null,I loved her more that she is her true self .
14,null,null,Then my heart gets broken .
15,null,null,She tells me that she can not see a future with me together .
16,null,null,She tells me that she is only interested in women .
17,null,null,There was not much for me to do but respect her true feelings .
18,null,null,I could not force her to love me .
19,null,null,For a few weeks I lost my best - friend and my future .
20,null,null,We still lived together , music helped , weed helped .
21,null,null,I made friends .
22,null,null,I tried to be happy , and
23,null,null,for a little I think I really was okay .
24,null,null,But it was so stormy , one tip of the scale and I was back to being broken .
25,null,null,Then I find out that she is seeing other guys .
26,null,null,My heart was gone , the only feeling is that feeling when your heart drops to your stomach .
27,null,null,It is a little harder to swallow , did life get harder ?
28,null,null,Did she make it easier ?
29,null,null,I do not know .
30,null,null,I was not good enough for her .
31,null,null,She says otherwise .
32,null,null,I know
33,null,null,she means the best for me with her heart but man , did it hurt the same .
34,null,null,I ask her to give me time , as a roommate , as a past lover .
35,null,null,, give me time to heal before you see someone
36,null,null,Please , just give me some time to heal .
37,null,null,But she could not wait .
38,null,null,I do not blame her , she is discovering herself .
39,null,null,She is beautiful .
40,null,null,I never had a chance .
41,null,null,There are better men for her .
42,null,null,I am broken , the pieces stomped on .
43,null,null,I try .
44,null,null,I go to work .
45,null,null,I exercise .
46,null,null,I eat healthy .
47,null,null,I tell myself improve for yourself and no one else .
48,null,null,It is a lie .
49,null,null,Life seems to drag on , I try to smile , I miss my best friend .
50,null,null,I try to act like
51,null,null,everything is alright to her .
52,null,null,She can not be seeing me like this , it hurts her too .
53,null,null,I meet a guy .
54,null,null,He is cute , a little simple , but .
55,null,null,cute
56,null,null,We start to hang out , workout together even .
57,null,null,He takes me to some of the most beautiful places , I try to swallow my doubt and bring my heart back .
58,null,null,Somedays , I could swallow just fine around him .
59,null,null,When I was sure I was ready , I told him .
60,null,null,It was too late .
61,null,null,I took too long .
62,null,null,I was just dead .
63,null,null,I made plans , wrote good bye letters , planned that my little siblings would get what money I had left .
64,null,null,I know it is selfish , I know it can get better .
65,null,null,I even tried to find a program that sends emails at a certain time so everyone could get a good nights sleep before they received my letter .
66,null,null,I could not do it .
67,null,null,I stood on the edge of a bridge , the edge of a cliff , .
68,null,null,wore my favorite clothes
69,null,null,Listened to my favorite songs .
70,null,null,Every time I could not do it .
71,null,null,You never think of it as someone being brave .
72,null,null,But I was scared , I could not imagine how anyone took that step off , .
73,null,null,pulled the trigger , kicked the chair
74,null,null,They had to be brave .
75,null,null,And now , I am back .
76,null,null,I am ready to kick the chair , I am ready to pull the trigger , I am ready to jump .
664 5
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Do you get colds often ?
2,null,null,My immune system sucks , I basically get a cold monthly and sometimes bi - monthly .
3,null,null,I feel it sneaking up on me now .
4,null,null,I have my questions that these frequent colds are from my anxiety keeping me up and lack of sleep and stress .
5,null,null,Does this affect anyone else ?
665 37
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I have so much to say and ..
2,null,null,do not know where to start
3,null,null,Let is see I am in a relationship with a man who is not the same guy I met before he was so caring and always wanted to give me affection .
4,null,null,Now all he can seem to do is drink and .
5,null,null,constantly want to fight
6,null,null,He has become to the point where everything I do is monitored he checks my cell phone to see who has called ,
7,null,null,checks my EMails to see who wrote , calls me 2 - 3 a day to see what I am doing
8,null,null,, will not " allow " me to go over to my friend
9,null,null,is house , who I have known for almost 20 years , without him being there , and .
10,null,null,checks the history on the computer to see what web sites I visited
11,null,null,Now I have NEVER cheated on him , and
12,null,null,I always find wrong in what he is doing .
13,null,null,Some days I just wish he would leave , but
14,null,null,other days all I seem to hope is that he will change .
15,null,null,Every one of my friends thinks that he should go since he is getting physical , but
16,null,null,he is my security .
17,null,null,I do not work and
18,null,null,I can stay home with my 7 month old baby he provides for us , and the baby is not his .
19,null,null,If he goes how do I do it ?
20,null,null,If he stays will he change ?
21,null,null,I have tried to talk to him , but
22,null,null,all he says is that I am never happy .
23,null,null,I need to grow up and stop acting like a kid ..
24,null,null,I want to smile again
25,null,null,I do not want to be controlled , but
26,null,null,I want him ?
27,null,null,Someone please HELP ! !
28,null,null,I do ask MOM for a lot of help , but
29,null,null,I do not think that is too kid
30,null,null,like .. I can be a B word , but ..
31,null,null,only if I am mad about something he will not help me on
32,null,null,I want a day to myself , a night to go out with friends , but
33,null,null,he will not watch my son .
34,null,null,Even though I watch his 3 year old every day 7 days a week so that he can provide for our family ..
35,null,null,Sorry I could go on forever , but I think that you get the point ..
36,null,null,By the way I am a 25 year old in case you are wondering ? ?
37,null,null,Will you help me PLEASE ! !
666 17
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I willingly admit that I am a sufferer of depression .
2,null,null,But in my case , I think the problem was education more than anything .
3,null,null,I recognize that I have been depressed pretty much from as far back as I can remember .
4,null,null,I am not sure where I got the misinformation
5,null,null,but I spent most of my life believing that it was just me , just life , you know , the thinking that some people were lucky and happy
6,null,null,and I just was not .
7,null,null,I am 34 now
8,null,null,so it is a wonder that I made it to this point , considering the statistics .
9,null,null,I think that I tried to destroy myself in other ways like smoking and minor drugs and not taking care of myself .
10,null,null,Basically I was waiting for things to either get better or finish falling apart .
11,null,null,About a year ago , my new doctor recognized the symptoms in me and .
12,null,null,offered me help in the form of Zoloft and some counseling which changed my life
13,null,null,The problem then became that I changed jobs and lost my insurance with no hope of COBRA
14,null,null,so I actually went of the drug cold turkey ( highly not recommended , believe me ) and .
15,null,null,am now back where I started
16,null,null,Have any of you found yourselves in this situation ?
17,null,null,What do you do ?
667 6
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I m ready to leave my therapist ?
2,null,null,I have 14 months in psychotherapy and 11 months with SNRI for dysthymia .
3,null,null,I feel strong enough to face myself , I have not felt depressed for a long time , even some mornings
4,null,null,I feel motivated or even happy to wake up ..
5,null,null,but I am scared because I know that hard times will be delayed or even more
6,null,null,, I am afraid if something big sink me again in suicidal toughts .
668 9
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,So I graduated but .
2,null,null,fucked up my exams so bad that my u ivesorty rescinded their offer of admission
3,null,null,I have thrown up 4 times in the past hour after reading their email .
4,null,null,I want to die so bad I am sitting in the bathroom floor .
5,null,null,Why the fuck am I so dumb .
6,null,null,I did perfectly fine in school
7,null,null,but I decided to get depressed in the final year and fuck it all up .
8,null,null,I am gon na throw up again
9,null,null,I feel so fucking sick .
669 37
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Hello , I am new here .
2,null,null,I am 36 and .
3,null,null,have had depression since the age of 9
4,null,null,I am supposed to take Lexapro every day , but
5,null,null,often I forget .
6,null,null,Memory / concentration is poor , .
7,null,null,one of the areas of the brain that depression screws with , the others being sleep , appetite , and libido
8,null,null,Here is my thing ..
9,null,null,I am
10,null,null,so gosh darn afraid to do anything !
11,null,null,It is hard at times to even face my job , I call in sick and .
12,null,null,stay in pajamas all day
13,null,null,I do get out of bed , but
14,null,null,I will not bathe or brush teeth .
15,null,null,Is not that gross !
16,null,null,I did this on Monday and Tuesday this week .
17,null,null,I am in school at night , it is a tele course class in geology .
18,null,null,Last Friday we had an exam , and
19,null,null,I did not show up for it because I did not do any reading for it .
20,null,null,Now it is almost Wednesday , and
21,null,null,I still have not touched the reading .
22,null,null,We can make up the exam no later than 1 week after the exam date , so
23,null,null,I have two days to cover several chapters .
24,null,null,Thing is , I am SCARED CRAPLESS to even start ! !
25,null,null,It is like I have got " freeze - itis " and I can not seem to study !
26,null,null,I have been doing other things , like cleaning and laundry and doing Immigration research ( trying to bring my Egyptian fiance here to the States ) , but .
27,null,null,have not touched the geology , even though that is been 1 on my mind for two weeks
28,null,null,Even this past weekend , I had no plans ( as usual ! ) and .
29,null,null,did not crack open even one page
30,null,null,I fear failure , and
31,null,null,it is so hard to " let go and let God " .
32,null,null,I know in my head to give this fear to God , but
33,null,null,I do not really know what that specifically means .
34,null,null,In the meantime , I am miserable and failing my geology class .
35,null,null,Already I dropped the music class ( originally I had two ) , since I was failing that royally .
36,null,null,Can anyone relate ?
37,null,null,How do any of you summon up the courage to face your fears ?
670 10
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Pristiq ( desvenlafaxine er succinate 25 mg ) question
2,null,null,So a few days ago my doctor wanted me to try this
3,null,null,cause I have been having a hard tine in life lately due to several negative things happening pretty much all at once .
4,null,null,So I have become a little depressed .
5,null,null,Anyways , does or has anyone taken Pristiq ? ..
6,null,null,and what are your thoughts , concerns , recommendations , etc .. ?
7,null,null,If this matters ..
8,null,null,I also take daily :
9,null,null,Adderall 15 mg XR , Percocet 40 mg , 2700 mg Gabapentin and naproxen 500 mg .
10,null,null,When needed I take : baclofen 10 - 20 mg , Xanax up to 2 mg , Flexeril 10 mg and Zanaflex 4 mg .
671 9
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I have just joined up because recently things have become a little too hard to cope with alone .
2,null,null,I have suffered with depression for as long as i can remember really .
3,null,null,but it is hard to find people who I can talk to .
4,null,null,I always end up feeling like a burden
5,null,null,, i know my friends just want me to be my happy party girl self , not the unhappy honest self .
6,null,null,so I tend to keep quiet .
7,null,null,Would love to have people to talk to about how i feel .
8,null,null,I also have two little boys who I have to keep a happy face on for .
9,null,null,find it hard to keep it up .
672 38
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Hello all .
2,null,null,My name is Daniel
3,null,null,I am 23 and .
4,null,null,going to school in Bowling Green , Ohio
5,null,null,I have been diagnosed with social anxiety disorder , ADD , and depression .
6,null,null,I have tried various medicines for my ADD and the last one I was on was Effexor XR , usually used to treat depression but can be used for adult ADD , I was on it for a year or two and
7,null,null,kept increasing the dosage b
8,null,null,/ c
9,null,null,I was not seeing enough results .
10,null,null,The medicine dosage got too high and
11,null,null,I had a break down during the summer of 05 .
12,null,null,To vent I would cut myself and .
13,null,null,eventually attempted suicide in a Kroger parking lot
14,null,null,I went to a psychiatrist and , but .
15,null,null,was prescribed medicines
16,null,null,I have grown tired of using medicines ; I had a seizure while on a drug for acne
17,null,null,I refused to take the medicines and have been struggling with killing myself every day .
18,null,null,I do not really like going into public due to my social anxiety and tend to turn to computer games to escape reality .
19,null,null,I drink more caffeine than is healthy , .
20,null,null,do not sleep at night , and have fluctuations in eating
21,null,null,I never think I am good at anything , I built a computer last night which kind of made me feel good about myself , but
22,null,null,that is not enough .
23,null,null,I have stopped going to class because I do not think I am good enough and have not told anyone .
24,null,null,I am pretty much a wreck right now and .
25,null,null,am in the process of going to the counseling center that my school offers
26,null,null,I do not know how much longer I can hold out before I try something else .
27,null,null,I am struggling to even be happy around my friends , family and girl friend .
28,null,null,They all know I think about it every day , but never say anything .
29,null,null,It is probably because I hide my feelings and lie to them about it .
30,null,null,I do not want to even keep going to school
31,null,null,it feels so pointless .
32,null,null,My girl friend wants to get married
33,null,null,I do not even want to think about it .
34,null,null,I do not want to get married and .
35,null,null,am too gutless to tell her
36,null,null,I have feelings of breaking up with her
37,null,null,but once again I am to scared and gutless to say anything .
38,null,null,I hate myself .
673 13
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Should I go to the hospital ?
2,null,null,[ please respond ]
3,null,null,Minor living with adult sibling right now .
4,null,null,Idk whether I should go to the hospital .
5,null,null,I have had suicidal urges surface recently and
6,null,null,I am afraid that I will succumb to the temptations and kill myself .
7,null,null,But the hospital just seems so miserable , and
8,null,null,my psychologist told me if I wanted to go
9,null,null,I would stay until my parents arrived ( 2 weeks ) .
10,null,null,Also do you get to use your phone and computer in the hospital ?
11,null,null,Idk what to do .
12,null,null,I am trying to find reasons to live but am falling short .
13,null,null,Help .
674 33
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,What a great topic ! !
2,null,null,The news always makes me cry - and I end up turning it off shortly after I start watching it - why do I punish myself ?
3,null,null,My parents know that I have learned to not watch the news because of the negative effect it has on me , so
4,null,null,if something really important is going on , they let me know .
5,null,null,My Aunt suffers from chronic depression and delusion , and
6,null,null,I have had numerous conversations with her on how to handle the depression because she is tried so many different things , even going to Mexico to see a Shaman .
7,null,null,Her top 3 suggestions ( and I really go by them as much as I possibly can ) are : 1 )
8,null,null,Get proper sleep - this is probably the most paramount point ; 2 ) get proper nutrition ; and
9,null,null,3 ) do not watch the news .
10,null,null,The one thing that I absolutely can not tolerate is sad news about animals - that really sends me .
11,null,null,When I am flipping thru channels and happen upon Animal Planet and the Animal Police are busting people because of their cruelty - I have to turn it immediately .
12,null,null,I think I am delusional too in that I choose not to watch the news , animal stories , anything really unpleasant -
13,null,null,I guess I try to live in my little world without negativity or sadness .
14,null,null,I know that it is not very mature or adult , but
15,null,null,this is my coping mechanism .
16,null,null,I do find that when I hear or see anything sad or awful that my negativity really gets into gear , and then I am completely negative for awhile .
17,null,null,Driving is also incredibly difficult because I commute into Washington D.C. from the suburbs and traffic .
18,null,null,is awful
19,null,null,I become so negative about the other drivers around me that I end up hating myself over my thoughts about them !
20,null,null,They , of course , drive too slow and .
21,null,null,are idiots
22,null,null,I need to find a job close to home !
23,null,null,I too have sometimes felt that the human race needs to think about not populating the world anymore .
24,null,null,I would not want to raise a small child in this environment any more !
25,null,null,I am glad my son is in college
26,null,null,and he is the only one that I could have .
27,null,null,But then again , I can not wait until my sister or brother has kids so that I can be with them and spoil them rotten .
28,null,null,Crazy is not it ?
29,null,null,I have taken others suggestions in this thread and .
30,null,null,have tried to make myself think positively the last 2 days
31,null,null,It is difficult but possible !
32,null,null,I notice that my mood has brightened somewhat too .
33,null,null,Thanks to you all for this thread , as I think it really can help !
675 26
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,i know you would not have guessed it by my name
2,null,null,i am 18
3,null,null,i have recently become a paraplegic ( paralyzed from the chest down )
4,null,null,this is down to unbelievable circumstances misdiagnosed several times misreading of results and MRI scans
5,null,null,i was in a relationship before the injury for 3 years with a lad similar age .
6,null,null,i did sport and and .
7,null,null,exercise science at college
8,null,null,was a well known sports person for several different sports
9,null,null,As well as losing the use of my legs and other bodily functions , my boyfriend cheated on me whilst seriously ill i now feel highly vulnerable and
10,null,null,lost as my whole life as i once new it has been taken away not only this
11,null,null,but my mom within in herself has so much to cope with as well as watching the pain i go through
12,null,null,i nearly died 4 times including boxing day and christmas day .
13,null,null,i am lucky in the fact
14,null,null,i have plenty of friends and family which support me
15,null,null,the only problem is
16,null,null,no one understands
17,null,null,i have always been very strong minded and
18,null,null,kept my chin up and a smile recently as my 18th birthday has just passed i have realized what i have lost , and how i have 2 sit and watch all my friends getting on with life the doctor is always advising me to take my tablets and antidepressants
19,null,null,but i choose not to .
20,null,null,Although by reading this you will not be able to see how much i have to deal with .
21,null,null,i feel as though i am becoming a burden to my family
22,null,null,and i really feel i need someone unrelated to my social surroundings to give me a small nudge back to feeling more like myself .
23,null,null,i have always had boyfriends before my injury
24,null,null,but now it is impossible for me to see myself with anybody again .
25,null,null,Due to the fact using the unfortunate words i am now a wheelchair user .
26,null,null,can someone please help me .
676 51
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I feel like I do nt have control over any of this
2,null,null,So , unfortunately I ve been depressed for as long as I can remember ..
3,null,null,I have major depression , GAD , PTSD ( sexual and verbal abuse ) an adjustment disorder , and up until recently , an eating disorder ..
4,null,null,I used to be on meds ..
5,null,null,They stopped working ..
6,null,null,Then I was hit bt a car ..
7,null,null,Lost two close people in my life ..
8,null,null,Moved colleges ..
9,null,null,Then i was in therapy for a long time ..
10,null,null,My therapist died ..
11,null,null,And then i lost my job ..
12,null,null,No more therapy for me ..
13,null,null,Recently started again , but
14,null,null,I m just finding that I had hoped i d feel so much better so much faster
15,null,null,and It just feels like I am so raw ..
16,null,null,I keep going back to thoughts that I m useless ..
17,null,null,That no one cares ..
18,null,null,That my life has been ruined because i m now perminantly disabled ..
19,null,null,im constantly in pain
20,null,null,and sometimes it is so bad
21,null,null,injust want to kill myself to escape it ..
22,null,null,I have no insurance and no job and most of the doctors i ve seen
23,null,null,do nt care ..
24,null,null,I want so despirately for someone to help me ..
25,null,null,I want to get better and have ANY portion of my life back
26,null,null,so I can just fo back to my normal level of manageable anguish
27,null,null,I was at before ..
28,null,null,Because I ca nt work anymore
29,null,null,I feel like a burden ..
30,null,null,I moved out of my parents house and in with my boyfriend , and ..
31,null,null,now fully rely on him and my parents to support me financially
32,null,null,I feel like i
33,null,null,m
34,null,null,making everyones lives harder ..
35,null,null,I feel like
36,null,null,all I do is get in the way ..
37,null,null,I ca nt even keep up with housework properly ..
38,null,null,I push myself to the point that my back is killing me because I do nt want to accept i ca nt do things anymore ..
39,null,null,And then i end up in bed for long periods of time ..
40,null,null,Wallowing in my own sadness and
41,null,null,wondering why the fuck I even bothered in the first place ..
42,null,null,I feel like i m stuck in this endless loop of " try to get on my feet .
43,null,null,Fall.try again .
44,null,null,Panic .
45,null,null,Try again .
46,null,null,Left out .
47,null,null,try again .
48,null,null,Fall again
49,null,null," i feel like i have no control over any of the things happening in my life ..
50,null,null,Its like they are just happening to me
51,null,null,and i just have to accept it ..
677 68
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am in a state of emptiness .
2,null,null,Recently , I was in a relationship with someone who did not love me , but
3,null,null,I loved them intensely .
4,null,null,I had hoped eventually she would turn around , but
5,null,null,for that time , I found deep meaning in her .
6,null,null,Now it is over , and
7,null,null,she does not seem to care .
8,null,null,Meanwhile , I am in hell .
9,null,null,It is like the past four years of my life .
10,null,null,were just a dream
11,null,null,I feel humiliated , used and defeated .
12,null,null,I feel like I have nothing .
13,null,null,I lost my job , .
14,null,null,stopped going to school , and was forced to move back in with my parents
15,null,null,I feel like a total failure and completely worthless .
16,null,null,I feel like I am being punished by God , and there is no way out .
17,null,null,Even in my dreams I can not escape the pain .
18,null,null,I can not see the good in anything anymore .
19,null,null,Everywhere , I see pain and suffering , with no hope .
20,null,null,Even when I meet incredible people who am in awe of , I feel almost envious , knowing that I am a worthless , useless nothing in the presence of angels .
21,null,null,I still have some friends , but .
22,null,null,have grown distant from them
23,null,null,Seeing their success , no matter how minute , just reminds me of my worthlessness .
24,null,null,I have nothing to offer the world .
25,null,null,I am without purpose .
26,null,null,Even when I have enough things to distract me , my ex is still in my dreams or nightmares every night .
27,null,null,Before I met her , I got my life on track , .
28,null,null,was kicking ass in school , and headed for something
29,null,null,I know I can not blame her , but
30,null,null,I just feel so stupid for getting caught up in her drama for no reason .
31,null,null,What a waste .
32,null,null,I do not know .
33,null,null,I have been reflecting on my life a lot .
34,null,null,I am 27 and .
35,null,null,have nothing to show for it
36,null,null,I feel like I have to make drastic changes .
37,null,null,Liquor and drugs are not doing me any good .
38,null,null,I do not know what the hell I want anymore .
39,null,null,I am so lost , sometimes I do not even know if I am really alive .
40,null,null,I feel like right now , I have to settle for mediocrity and hope for simple low - stress job that pays the bills , but
41,null,null,I do not have any source of joy or anything really to look forward too .
42,null,null,I have pinpointed that the major source for depression and life problems as been my self - hatred .
43,null,null,It manifests itself in many forms , including obsessive feelings of inadequacy and incompetence , paranoia , being overly - sensitive to criticism , feeling worthless , hopeless , and giving up too easy because of those feelings .
44,null,null,Where did all this self - hatred come from ?
45,null,null,I do not want to blame my parents at my age , but
46,null,null,I know that how they treated me when I was younger
47,null,null,affected me and
48,null,null,it still lingers in my psyche .
49,null,null,They always employed the shame approach to parenting .
50,null,null,Anytime something happened , my father would curse at me , and .
51,null,null,lecture me on how worthless I was
52,null,null,He would glare at me , and
53,null,null,I just had to sit there and listen .
54,null,null,Sometimes I would start crying , and
55,null,null,then he would yell at me for crying , and say shit like " look at you , you are not even ashamed . "
56,null,null,Shame was apparently a virtue .
57,null,null,My mother once told me when I was 8 that she wanted to have a third child , but
58,null,null,because I was such a disappointment , she decided against it .
59,null,null,They hit me frequently , with a bamboo stick .
60,null,null,I remember they would constantly compare me to their friend is children , praising them and ask me why I could not be more like them .
61,null,null,So all this happened , but
62,null,null,I can not change the past .
63,null,null,I do not want to dwell and blame my parents for their mistakes , no one is a perfect parent .
64,null,null,I just want to get over these feelings of self - hatred and get my life in order .
65,null,null,I have identified the source of my depression , but .
66,null,null,have not been able to change all those feelings and thought - processes that have been ingrained in me since early childhood
67,null,null,Does anyone have any advice on how to overcome these feelings , and ?
68,null,null,gain a sense of confidence and direction back
678 10
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I do not know what I am living for ..
2,null,null,I honestly do not know why I keep living another day , I have no one to love me , my very friends are dick heads , my parents do not care how i am feeling and when they do they just throw a bible verse at my face acting
3,null,null,as if talking to some sky man is going to cure me , I have yet to even hug a girl in my life , probably because I am such an ugly awkward beta shit ..
4,null,null,I have no plans for my future
5,null,null,, I am overall retarded In school .
6,null,null,All I can do is be an escapist by playing video games , watching videos , eating unhealthy food , and
7,null,null,all i do is isolate myself from reality ..
8,null,null,My therapist is overall useless ..
9,null,null,, all she does is repeat the same shit I hear from people
10,null,null,I honestly do not comprehend why I will not just end it all ..
679 11
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,That orange message - notification ..
2,null,null,It makes me happy .
3,null,null,, wanted , feeling like I belong
4,null,null,I love comments because I feel so alone in all of this .
5,null,null,Even if the comment did not help a lot , I feel like I am not alone .
6,null,null,Oh god I am so miserable .
7,null,null,EDIT :
8,null,null,No its not a cry for attention or likes or upvotes .
9,null,null,I sincerely feel good when I see the people of /r / depression commenting on my posts , and
10,null,null,I love commenting on theirs .
11,null,null,A mutual feeling of belonging ..
680 23
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am 25 years old single black mother
2,null,null,and I have been struggling with depression ever since I was a small girl .
3,null,null,Throughout the course of my life I have had a lot of share of ups and downs :
4,null,null,parents divorced in 1985 , father was on drugs , domestic abuse , severe teasing , idiotic boyfriends and the list .
5,null,null,goes on
6,null,null,If there were problems in the home , you dealt with it at home and .
7,null,null,kept your mouth shut tight
8,null,null,There is no such thing as a black woman being depressed .
9,null,null,Black women MUST keep this aura of being strong , independent , .
10,null,null,swallow your tears , raise your children , take the blows that life throws at you and keep moving with the beat
11,null,null,If you did not keep moving with the beat , then you will fall through the cracks ; everyone sees it and
12,null,null,you will be considered as weak and no one will want to deal with you .
13,null,null,Everyone around you will let you have it
14,null,null,and you will be labeled as an outcast among your fellow black sisters and brothers .
15,null,null,I have had a few suicide attempts and
16,null,null,my family thought that I was just trying to get sheer childish attention as to say , " I am a big baby , pay attention to me .
17,null,null," They took it as a joke and
18,null,null,it broke my spirit down to a trillion pieces .
19,null,null,I constantly worried what my friends , co - workers , class mates , and lovers would see me as a walking disaster waiting to happen .
20,null,null,At the time , I did a good job of " covering it up " for a long time .
21,null,null,It painfully and slowly came out .
22,null,null,I was afraid that if I told some one that I was severely depressed , I would not get the love , support , and care that I needed : family labeled me as " CRAZY " .
23,null,null,So if you have any comments please feel free to let me know what you think about black women and depression .
681 16
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Nausea / heartburn from Wellbutrin
2,null,null,I started about a week ago and .
3,null,null,was having some reflux beforehand but only really when I drank alcohol or had something really acidic
4,null,null,Now I am avoiding all that
5,null,null,and I still have issues everyday .
6,null,null,I know heartburn is a side effect
7,null,null,but the weird thing is that I take it right in the morning and then at fine all day until the evening while I am getting ready to go to bed
8,null,null,I am just hit with bad nausea out of no where .
9,null,null,I avoid eating before bed as well .
10,null,null,Wondering if anyone else has this experience .
11,null,null,I was maybe thinking of moving it to type evening
12,null,null,but then I am worried if there is some 12 hour delay to it
13,null,null,I am just gunna wake up with the nausea which could be just as bad
14,null,null,but at least it will not effect my sleep .
15,null,null,Or maybe it will just go away with time since I am still pretty early on idk
16,null,null,but it is really fucking with me right now
682 70
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Need to talk
2,null,null,and I have nobody .
3,null,null,Hey all .
4,null,null,Just need to talk , really struggling right now and trying to dig out of it .
5,null,null,Not really sure what else to do .
6,null,null,Pattern of behaviour : Wake up in the morning with immediate feelings of depression and loneliness .
7,null,null,Acute feelings of being alone in bed , uncomfortable .
8,null,null,Become compelled to flip through Bumble , Tinder because I feel a need to try and immediately correct the problem .
9,null,null,I never
10,null,null,( and I mean never ) match .
11,null,null,Have to fight urges to immediately abuse addictions like porn and weed .
12,null,null,Sometimes do , sometimes do not .
13,null,null,Prepare for work , fight off feelings of sadness about ex - girlfriend and situation it puts me in .
14,null,null,Fight the urge to blame her for the failure of the relationship even though I logically know I am wrong or that is not fair .
15,null,null,She just left to pursue school and
16,null,null,had to move on
17,null,null,, she did not do anything to me .
18,null,null,Fight feelings of rejection and feelings of inadequacy in my value to others even though there is no reason to feel that here .
19,null,null,Walk to work , continue to fight with anger issues re : relationships and validation .
20,null,null,Sometimes frustration stems from lack of work success but .
21,null,null,more often than not it is physical appearance issues and relationship issues
22,null,null,I get caught in a loop being mad at her and being mad at myself and .
23,null,null,my capacity to deal with being alone
24,null,null,Auto - pilot at work .
25,null,null,Able to do job easily , so lack of focus is a non - issue .
26,null,null,I spend too much time on Facebook and other social media looking for outlets to expand my social network and friends .
27,null,null,Find it very difficult to do so without appearing over - anxious or creepy and new opportunities rarely prevent themselves .
28,null,null,Sometimes Imarket business and contact clients / potential clients .
29,null,null,Sometimes a boost comes from having success here , but
30,null,null,often the lack thereof is equally esteem damaging .
31,null,null,Go home , usually bus .
32,null,null,Already tired .
33,null,null,Immediately engage addictions , usually beer and weed .
34,null,null,Start watching TV or playing games and rarely stop until bed time .
35,null,null,I will leave easy tasks like cleaning dishes , etc for weeks .
36,null,null,Continual evasion of solving problems , instead opting to rely on substances to either forget or balance my feelings of sadness .
37,null,null,Occasionally I have friends over , but
38,null,null,many of them use substances as well or are in similar life situations so finding solace in these encounters is limited .
39,null,null,Furthermore , they are my friends of many years and .
40,null,null,represent a kind of social stagnation
41,null,null,At night I am usually in bed by 10 , not because I am out of things to do , but .
42,null,null,because I am either drunk or bored
43,null,null,On weekends I am lucky if I do anything outside of what I do immediately after work .
44,null,null,I rarely feel compelled to do anything .
45,null,null,If I get invited to a bar , I end up going and feeling alienated from everyone and ' out - of - place ' .
46,null,null,Most of the time , I just feel too tired to join my friends , but
47,null,null,I also feel a lack of motivation because I am sure it will just be the same crowdand
48,null,null,it appears their lives keep moving while mine does not .
49,null,null,I am behind on adulthood .
50,null,null,I have only recently acquired a driver is license , I just renewed my glasses prescription and
51,null,null,only just started living on my own .
52,null,null,I have to get my teeth taken care of
53,null,null,and they are a source of stress and physical pain
54,null,null,( still have wisdom teeth at 34 ) .
55,null,null,I have the habits of a teenager .
56,null,null,I smoke copious amounts of weed
57,null,null,, I drink daily and I do not pursue my interests or goals .
58,null,null,I know the right course of action most of the time , but
59,null,null,I actively ignore it because the amount required to get healthy is just too much .
60,null,null,I have spent a great majority of my life single and most of my relationships aside from a few gems have been tumultuous , emotional rollercoasters .
61,null,null,More often than not , Despite all these things I feel undervalued in my society .
62,null,null,I think of myself as smart , funny and confident in my skills , but
63,null,null,I feel that the rest of the world does not care and does not see those as appealing .
64,null,null,I feel like without looks and an academic education , you can only accomplish so much and .
65,null,null,that people is standards
66,null,null,are so high that competition for a good role in society is unlikely
67,null,null,I feel unable to compete when the above issues prevent me from succeeding .
68,null,null,Motivation to do anything is lowered by the lack of acceptance in general , the feeling that I should be acceptable the way I am but am not , and my inability to seem to control that situation .
69,null,null,It does not help that on the face of it , most people will tell me that I seem like a catch , an incredibly high - value person with lots to offerexcept that none of that seems to translate to my life , emotional attachments or stability .
70,null,null,I am just lost .
683 19
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I have never been so alone in my life and its terrifying me
2,null,null,My girl broke up with me by text , and .
3,null,null,wo nt return my texts
4,null,null,Saw her at uni today and .
5,null,null,had a panic attack
6,null,null,All my housemates are away .
7,null,null,My parents talk to me once a week .
8,null,null,I have no friends .
9,null,null,No one to talk to .
10,null,null,No where to go .
11,null,null,I ca nt stop crying and
12,null,null,the thoughts are back telling me to end it all .
13,null,null,I do nt know what to do .
14,null,null,This is probably more of an /r
15,null,null,/ offmychest post
16,null,null,but I do nt know how to keep going .
17,null,null,I love her .
18,null,null,And she does nt care about me .
19,null,null,No one does .
684 23
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am 23 years old female .
2,null,null,i began
3,null,null,lexapro February 8,2006
4,null,null,My doctor gave me lexapro .
5,null,null,i have used zoloft when i was like 16 years old but only used it for a month .
6,null,null,my question is , is there anyone who is been on lexapro and how has it worked for them .
7,null,null,the first day i took it which was
8,null,null,yesterday i took my first pill in morning 10 mg
9,null,null,i felt dizzy
10,null,null,and i felt like my head was expanding and felt sleepy
11,null,null,but then again i would always sleep a lot before this .
12,null,null,my sex drive is gone .
13,null,null,i feel i do not have no urge whatsoever .
14,null,null,i do not have no craving for food as much as i did before .
15,null,null,or maybe because i was bored and depressed
16,null,null,i just ate
17,null,null,but i do not know .
18,null,null,and i see a lot of people who say they gained and lost weight on this pill
19,null,null,but I have only been on it for 2 days
20,null,null,so i can not say nothing yet on that .
21,null,null,i will be coming back to update on how I am doing .
22,null,null,but anyone on lexapro please feel free to comment .
23,null,null,I would love to hear what you have to say .
685 24
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Life huh some people are born without any luck , here is proof : *
2,null,null,born 28 years ago .
3,null,null,* mother : prostitute till she died , got pregnant while she was doing her clients , died when i was 17 on cancer
4,null,null,* father : since she is a prostitute , no idea
5,null,null,*
6,null,null,stephdad : abused me till 13 years old .
7,null,null,got sex with animals / children , still free on lack of evidence
8,null,null,and there is no specific help for this mentaly illness and
9,null,null,there is no space in prison i m not joking
10,null,null,, this is how it works in my country
11,null,null,* life : child protection agency took me away when i was 2 *
12,null,null,lovelife :
13,null,null,some light in my life .. knew her since i was 10 and fall in love ,
14,null,null,started dating her at 16 till she died when i was 22
15,null,null,* work : putting a mask everyday .. working for food and paying rent *
16,null,null,social :
17,null,null,nothing but
18,null,null,staring at a screen and masterbating
19,null,null,*
20,null,null,*
21,null,null," Life is a gift "
22,null,null,*
23,null,null,* ,
24,null,null,yeah right ..
686 18
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,How do you talk about depression to your friends ?
2,null,null,I am really ashamed of not necessarily the depression in and of itself but .
3,null,null,the way that I have acted with it and the way that I have ( so far ) failed to overcome its clutches
4,null,null,This shame has led to me neglecting some relationships because I do not know how to talk about this without seeming really pathetic , which makes me feel even more guilty for neglecting friends that I actually do value , but .
5,null,null,just can not bring myself to talk to
6,null,null,So how do you talk about this in a way that seems ..
7,null,null,I do not know - like - valid ?
8,null,null,I do not know what to say .
9,null,null,I have been depressed and unemployed for over a year
10,null,null,and now I have a friend calling me
11,null,null,and I know that I should talk to them
12,null,null,( I even * want * to talk to them -
13,null,null,like they are awesome
14,null,null,and I really really want them to be in my life again )
15,null,null,but the thought of trying to explain myself - it makes me feel sick and disgusting to even contemplate .
16,null,null,What would you say ?
17,null,null,Does anyone have any good answers to this ?
18,null,null,I really need advice right now .
687 12
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,You know what i realised ?
2,null,null,I ca nt really get to sleep at all and .
3,null,null,have been doing alot of thinking
4,null,null,I just realised that i am in control .
5,null,null,The thought of this makes me really happy .
6,null,null,I am smiling ear to ear .
7,null,null,I do nt know i am just feeling really fucking good and decided to type about it .
8,null,null,As soon as i wake up i m gon na destroy this fucking day .
9,null,null,Also as soon as i get back to college
10,null,null,i m gon na tell this one girl that i like her .
11,null,null,Fuck
12,null,null,yeah !
688 12
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,NOTHING makes me happy anymore .
2,null,null,What are some things that still make y all happy ?
3,null,null,What daily tasks or
4,null,null,activities
5,null,null,do you still find happiness in ?
6,null,null,Please list a few .
7,null,null,I am hoping maybe i can steal some of yours and find some happiness in them as well .
8,null,null,Thank u !
9,null,null,I still feel " temporary " happiness sometimes but
10,null,null,it never lasts more than 30min .
11,null,null,I want real happiness !
12,null,null,I am afraid i have forgot what that feels like
689 90
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Failure to trust ' nothose on my side ' ' .
2,null,null,[ possible trigger Warning ]
3,null,null,I find myself incapable of trusting my spouse .
4,null,null,I have been with my SO for nearly 15 years , 7 married this year , we have 3 children .
5,null,null,Before I hit my mid - teens I would been through nearly a decade of sexual abuse within the already dysfunctional household I grew up one , with an alcoholic father and a narcissistic mother .
6,null,null,I met my now spouse when I was 17 .
7,null,null,He had been in a two year relationship with a girl a few years his senior , which left him broken after her infidelity .
8,null,null,And I well I lived day to day , carrying what I could .
9,null,null,I will never forgot how I coldly and factually told him with a mere two sentences what I had to endure , telling him that if he did chose me , he would be settling for a lifetime shared with a woman with severe ups and downs due to her limited mental strength .
10,null,null,He convinced me to go for it
11,null,null,and I wept in his arms .
12,null,null,That was probably the first time in my life someone did not look the other way
13,null,null,and I allowed myself to be vulnerable , instead of distant and cold .
14,null,null,I opened myself up to him .
15,null,null,Few years later my home situation imploded .
16,null,null,I ran .
17,null,null,His mother took me under her wing , I think she was the first parental figure I could lean on in my life .
18,null,null,His father loathed me as the girl from the slums , threatening me in private to never marry his son .
19,null,null,Reminding me of my lowly descent when he could .
20,null,null,He would never come to accept me fully
21,null,null,but at least fully respects me in public , which to me is commendable enough .
22,null,null,Afterwards I started living with my now SO , still during our teens in a studio .
23,null,null,The idea was triggered and .
24,null,null,pushed for by me as a solution after a bout of infidelity on his side after he moved to study in a city a couple hours away
25,null,null,He partook in intimate relations with a girl he knew from another country over webcam due to ' ' loneliness ' ' and .
26,null,null,held the act in the same regards as watching porn whereas I did not
27,null,null,We tried to work things out .
28,null,null,As we did my view of him started to crumble , but .
29,null,null,was rebuilt after living together surprisingly worked remarkably well
30,null,null,We grew more towards each other and .
31,null,null,were best friends on top of lovers
32,null,null,In between this life changing chapter and where I am now , he has had a few strikes I simply can not forget .
33,null,null,While I was once open to share my ups and downs and sadness with him , now I would rather not .
34,null,null,Because where I once trusted him to hold me , I now trust him to ridicule me and tell me to man the fuck up .
35,null,null,And the stubborn ass I am , I do , but
36,null,null,this comes with resentment .
37,null,null,But to explain the strikes : - One is where I was crying after having particularly bad and involuntary memories .
38,null,null,Annoyed by my state and stressed by upcoming finals he asked me : When is this going to end ?
39,null,null,You are always spinning the same old tales , you are driving yourself insane .
40,null,null,-
41,null,null,Another was when he screamed out while we had visitors : How would you like it if I told everyone you were raped ?
42,null,null,He believed I had done something utterly despicable
43,null,null,, blame was pinned upon me by one of his siblings .
44,null,null,In that moment something broke , the attack was 100 % unwarranted .
45,null,null,So much trust lost .
46,null,null,When he figured out I had done nothing to him
47,null,null,the apologies came swift and numerous .
48,null,null,-
49,null,null,One was when I asked him for a letter .
50,null,null,He will always buy flowers on special occasions , which I hate .
51,null,null,They wither and .
52,null,null,die
53,null,null,I just hate the sentiment
54,null,null,, I dislike it
55,null,null,and I have communicated this .
56,null,null,I wanted something which lasts .
57,null,null,A reminder .
58,null,null,All I wanted was a letter .
59,null,null,Years I secretly yearned for one but .
60,null,null,received flowers instead , I still tended which to
61,null,null,Finally I asked for a letter .
62,null,null,He refused and .
63,null,null,told me point blank to my face he would not
64,null,null,That it was silly
65,null,null,I needed something to hold onto , and .
66,null,null,that this item would become something of an unhealthy obsession
67,null,null,-
68,null,null,The latest strike was after I endured a panic attack while I was on my own , which I managed myself before he returned home .
69,null,null,He was upset when I confided in him
70,null,null,and he stated : I will not be on your side if you are mentally ill .
71,null,null,I will choose our children and .
72,null,null,make sure they grow up with stability
73,null,null,( Later he corrected himself and .
74,null,null,stated that if I was to turn schizophrenic or manic , he would have me committed and divorce me , but would support me through depression and anxiety )
75,null,null,Now to me a panic attack is something manageable if you are equipped to deal with it .
76,null,null,Through the years I have learned to be aware of my surroundings and triggers and to be prepared to deal with anything since I am responsible for my children .
77,null,null,I have no history of hysterical or erratic behavior , so I found his reaction to my first ever panic attack very crude .
78,null,null,I have my pride even through my depression for what I have survived and what I have accomplished .
79,null,null,But I hate that I can not find it in myself again to open up towards my spouse and more than often find myself crying when I am capable to , so I can put up my smile and brave face when I NEED to .
80,null,null,I have successfully faked it till I made it .
81,null,null,And of the 15 years that we have been together the good by far outweighs
82,null,null,the bad , something which can not be conveyed well enough in this post .
83,null,null,But what has been said can be never taken back .
84,null,null,Even though recently he said : Do not you understand after 15 years I am on your side ?
85,null,null,I understand .
86,null,null,I hate that I can not be vulnerable anymore .
87,null,null,I hate that the trust is gone , and
88,null,null,the resentment grows .
89,null,null,If anyone has advice or a similar story of lost trust , I would just love to hear and talk about it , if only to gain some perspective .
90,null,null,Edit : formatting
690 46
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I have gone days without talking to anyone I just got out of a bad relationship recently .
2,null,null,But I have a issue with dependancy .
3,null,null,I let him dictate my entire life .
4,null,null,I let him into my head to the point I feel brainwashed .
5,null,null,I hate everyone .
6,null,null,I do not trust anyone .
7,null,null,I do not want to talk to anyone because I know he will get mad and be jealous .
8,null,null,He is the closest and only person I have in my life and
9,null,null,even though we broke up he wants us to remain best friends .
10,null,null,We dated for 2 years and
11,null,null,it was Rocky the entire time .
12,null,null,But I let him get his hooks into me
13,null,null,and I can not get out .
14,null,null,I am terrified to not have him in my life because then I will be truly alone .
15,null,null,I do not talk to anyone else .
16,null,null,I am 26 years old and
17,null,null,I have 0 friends other then him .
18,null,null,I am terrified of being alone .
19,null,null,But he is seeing someone else now .
20,null,null,She is 100 times better then me in every way .
21,null,null,She is super model gorgeous and .
22,null,null,everything that me and him shared she has as well
23,null,null,I feel replaced .
24,null,null,But I do not want to not be his friend and not have him in my life .
25,null,null,I am terrified to lose him .
26,null,null,I cling to the hope one day he will want me again .
27,null,null,I have not talked to another person in over a week .
28,null,null,and if he is busy with her
29,null,null,I do not talk to anyone at all .
30,null,null,I just lay on my couch staring at the wall and having a constant never ending panic attack .
31,null,null,I have sever depression and severe anxiety that I take medicine for both .
32,null,null,But they only make the feelings bearable and .
33,null,null,do not take them away completely
34,null,null,I do not sleep .
35,null,null,I just want to throw myself at every fuck boy on dating apps just to have some kind of physical attention even if it is only sex .
36,null,null,Even if I am not attracted to them .
37,null,null,I do not care .
38,null,null,I just want someone to love me .
39,null,null,I want someone to hold me and make me feel not alone .
40,null,null,I do not know what to do .
41,null,null,I feel like I have been kicked in the chest .
42,null,null,It hurts to breathe .
43,null,null,I made a noose and .
44,null,null,stood on a stool with it around my neck for over a hour the other night crying
45,null,null,But I could not do it .
46,null,null,I do not know how to go on living .
691 26
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am really new at this , and
2,null,null,I am sure that all of you have your own problems , but i figure who better to ask then other people who might feel the same as i do .
3,null,null,I just turned 15
4,null,null,and i have suffered from depression or what i am almost sure
5,null,null,is depression for about 4 years now .
6,null,null,I have tried telling my parents about it , and they just will not listen , they say that I am just going through normal teenage stuff , but .
7,null,null,if this is normal , then i would hate to see what depression is really like
8,null,null,I have attempted suicide before , but i was caught , i have cut my self and I am trying to stop , i have a boyfriend and a family that loves me , and
9,null,null,i know this .
10,null,null,But i can not seem to get through to my parents that i need help
11,null,null,, i want help , they just do not get it that i am not feeling normal .
12,null,null,I really need help , and they will not listen , how am i suppose to get it if they will not listen , recently they found my blades and everything under my bed
13,null,null,and they have seen where i have cut before
14,null,null,and i do not know if they just do not want to believe it or what , but
15,null,null,all of the signs are there for them and they just will not do anything about it .
16,null,null,They also found pills that i had been taking and still did not do anything but " talk " to me about it .
17,null,null,And my boyfriend , i know he loves me , and
18,null,null,i want to tell him about my problem , but i just can not , I am afraid that he may leave me because of it .
19,null,null,and i know that would be all it would take to throw me over the edge and cause me to do something drastic !
20,null,null,I am not sure what to do about any of it , can someone PLEASE PLEASE help me ? ?
21,null,null,my email is xx
22,null,null,i need help
23,null,null,and i want help , and
24,null,null,if any one else needs help
25,null,null,then you can e - mail me
26,null,null,and i will help the best that i can !
692 17
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I was wondering what people is viewpoints are on for being on medication .. because it seems like getting the right combo of medications seem tricky and if you do not get the right combination , you still remained depressed .. or worse than before ?
2,null,null,I am curious to know what the myths .. vs non myths about antidepressants , antipsychotics , mood stabilizers , etc ?
3,null,null,Do they make you feel worse ?
4,null,null,They say that the medications generally make you feel more like yourself than different ..
5,null,null,but it takes some 6 months to get attuned to them ?
6,null,null,Is that correct ?
7,null,null,I have been trying to fight off my depression for over 10 years
8,null,null,- I think it is a factor from childhood abuse .
9,null,null,In recent years , perhaps my nerves have grown thin .. and
10,null,null,I am slowly wearing myself out ..
11,null,null,my friends have recommended more therapy since I see a school counselor once every two weeks .
12,null,null,But it is difficult to really focus on my emotion health when I know that I will be relocated in two months ..
13,null,null,and I feel that my current emotional stability is just shaky ..
14,null,null,Is it advisable to start medications without therapy
15,null,null,and then when I relocate to wherever I find a job .. then begin therapy there ?
16,null,null,( In other words , I have never been on medications before )
17,null,null,Any advice would be helpful .
693 14
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Help
2,null,null,Hey I do not know if this is the right place to post this
3,null,null,but I need help ..
4,null,null,I am 20 , about to have my college degree and have a pretty solid job
5,null,null,but mentally I am so fucked .
6,null,null,I had a rough breakup about a month ago and .
7,null,null,ever since I have just been down & amp ; depressed
8,null,null,Feel like shit about myself , like I can do no right .
9,null,null,Like I have nothing to live for .
10,null,null,And I have had struggles with depression before but
11,null,null,this time seems much more intense and worse
12,null,null,like it will not ever go away .
13,null,null,I have been thinking about suicide more and more
14,null,null,and I do not know what to do
694 23
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I hope this posts ..
2,null,null,I am not feeling good at all .
3,null,null,I feel as if I am an outer shell filled with fire that I can not let out .
4,null,null,It hurts so much
5,null,null,and I do not know what to do .
6,null,null,I keep praying
7,null,null,but I can not seem to be able and control it .
8,null,null,I do not feel worthy .
9,null,null,Even this post will probably be deleted .
10,null,null,It probably will be because all I ever do is never good enough .
11,null,null,I try to try but
12,null,null,nothing ever happens .
13,null,null,I go to therapy
14,null,null,, she said I have 14 personalities ..
15,null,null,I hate myself so much right now .
16,null,null,I agree not to get on one forum
17,null,null,then I go to another ..
18,null,null,am I addicted to sadness ?
19,null,null,Grief ?
20,null,null,I hate myself so much .
21,null,null,I am sick of myself and
22,null,null,I just want to scream .
23,null,null,Why do I think this way ..
695 15
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Just a vent post
2,null,null,I went grocery shopping with my mom .
3,null,null,I manged to get on the topic of politics
4,null,null,and I mentioned how it would be bad if people could start discriminating against someone because of their religious freedom .
5,null,null,She told me it should be okay to do this ( brought up the whole baker thing to prove her point ) while saying this she told me she loved me , but did not like how I am gay ( pansexual with some hints of genderfluid , though she does not know the last part ) because it is a sin .
6,null,null,I have always wanted my mom is approval , I want it so badly , I want her to turn to me and say she is proud of me ..
7,null,null,but since I was a kid she always got my hopes up , she always left me to chase after her next boyfriend .
8,null,null,The day she left my dad
9,null,null,I ran after her car ..
10,null,null,I do not remember how young I was .
11,null,null,I hated her for a long time ..
12,null,null,I still kinda do .
13,null,null,When I was self harming and ..
14,null,null,tried to commit suicide she took me to a therapist to try and get my in a inpatient place
15,null,null,she did not want to deal with me .
696 19
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I should be an actor ..
2,null,null,I feel like most people who have depression could work in theatre or movies .
3,null,null,I do not know how you guys feel about putting on an act when really you feel so sad that it is hard to breathe , but
4,null,null,recently I have been having to act like I am getting better from depression .
5,null,null,My roommate confided in me one day when I came back to our dorms that he struggles with depression .
6,null,null,He was placed in a foster home after his parents died , and
7,null,null,his foster mom committed suicide .
8,null,null,After that , his friend also committed suicide , so
9,null,null,of course this takes a toll on someones ' emotional health .
10,null,null,I told him that I started taking meds and going to therapy , and
11,null,null,I smile and laugh and act like I am doing better so that he can feel encouraged to get help with his depression .
12,null,null,I feel so fake though ,
13,null,null,even though I am getting help , I do not think it is helping me
14,null,null,, my chest has that particular empty feeling and breathing is hard to do .
15,null,null,I feel like crying a lot of the times now while I am laying down in bed , and driving to and from class .
16,null,null,I would never let my roommate know that I was actually not doing better though .
17,null,null,I really want him to get help because I see myself in him , and
18,null,null,he is a really good person who does not deserve to be sad .
19,null,null,I wish depression never existed , it is such a sick disease .
697 7
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Sometimes I feel that if I could cry It would make it all better .
2,null,null,I would just feel better , and .
3,null,null,do better
4,null,null,My emotions are flat , and .
5,null,null,have been for as long as I can remember
6,null,null,They have been sliding down more than up for the last 8 or 9 months .
7,null,null,I just want to cry sometimes .
698 12
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I have so much pent up anger that I carry around with me all the time .
2,null,null,It seems as though it is about 4 years old and it is now catching up to me .
3,null,null,And I am telling people off left and right .
4,null,null,I will honestly admit , I talk a lot of shit and
5,null,null,in the end people somehow walk all over me .
6,null,null,Well , not any more and not this time .
7,null,null,I always have a string of bad luck and
8,null,null,tonight was no different when I was at brooks picking up some medications and the cashier slammed my change down and threw my slip at me .
9,null,null,I told her off then formally complained about her .
10,null,null,And you know something ?
11,null,null,It felt damn good , defending myself .
12,null,null,Maybe it will boost some confidence in me because I have none
699 7
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,When boredom turns depressing .
2,null,null,Maybe you have nothing to do and
3,null,null,you are left to be alone with your thoughts .
4,null,null,Maybe you are procrastinating on something and your letting the guilt eat away at you .
5,null,null,Maybe life could not be any better , but
6,null,null,you still feel like all your pain and suffering that led up to this point in time was not worth it , and it still is not a bad idea to commit sepuku .
7,null,null,How do you guys cope ?
700 31
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I had skipped work today because this dream was too good to just let the alarm clock interrupt it .
2,null,null,I have been able to hold onto my dreams a lot lately .
3,null,null,Such as I can wake up and ..
4,null,null,roll over and fall back asleep in the exact spot in the dream I left off
5,null,null,Now the dream is I am at some party .
6,null,null,The room is very lavish looking .
7,null,null,And everyone there I know .
8,null,null,Feels like this party was somehow for me .
9,null,null,Never has ever happened .
10,null,null,Now the part that stands out is that I see my teacher who was my mentor
11,null,null,she was everything to me .
12,null,null,When I was in high school
13,null,null,I not only had this HUGE crush on her
14,null,null,but she was the kind of actor I had always wanted to be except I was willing to die for my art .
15,null,null,Still am .
16,null,null,She is sitting with her two kids .
17,null,null,They are probably the most gorgeous kids I have ever seen
18,null,null,and she has not changed .
19,null,null,Her husband is in the distance somewhere .
20,null,null,I never see him
21,null,null,but I am aware of him .
22,null,null,I thank her for all her time and effort she put into me
23,null,null,and I ask her how it is going with her life and if she is still teaching .
24,null,null,We talk about something else and
25,null,null,the dream slowly fades away .
26,null,null,Reality is I have not heard from this teacher since I graduated .
27,null,null,I heard she had a kid
28,null,null,and she moved to vermont .
29,null,null,I miss her terribly .
30,null,null,Somehow this dream seems to have more than just one meaning .
31,null,null,And since everyone else has dream threads I am going for one too .
701 16
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,New members .
2,null,null,I am 51 and .
3,null,null,have to take antidepressants for life
4,null,null,Now that I have accepted the fact I can get on with the things I want to do .
5,null,null,My interests are varied , also hobby and
6,null,null,I do lots together .
7,null,null,When I had depression and anxiety I could not leave the house .
8,null,null,which was not much of a life for him .
9,null,null,Therapy also helped over the years .
10,null,null,I filtered out what I needed during my conversations with a psychologist and .
11,null,null,have used those coping skills
12,null,null,My family doctor [ GP ] is a Great help and very supportive .
13,null,null,Have a look round DF and !
14,null,null,join in
15,null,null,You are sure to get an answer but do allow for the time zone differences )
16,null,null,You will find me in the OCD room .
702 23
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Lost my dad and my pet within the last two weeks .
2,null,null,We took my dad to the hospital and .
3,null,null,found out he had a tumor in his colon
4,null,null,They removed it and several surgeries
5,null,null,later he was in recovery , eating , and ready to come home .
6,null,null,My mom spent day and night by his side for over a month at the hospital and .
7,null,null,refused to leave his side
8,null,null,Finally he was recovering and
9,null,null,they told her she can go home since they are transferring him to a hospital closer to us .
10,null,null,She comes home and
11,null,null,the next morning we find out he died in his sleep from a heart attack .
12,null,null,After surviving all the surgeries , he dies alone the same night
13,null,null,my mom went home .
14,null,null,On top of that , we did not get along well .
15,null,null,I am not even sure he knew I cared about him .
16,null,null,All the responsibilities fell on me since both my parents were gone for a month .
17,null,null,I did not have time to drive to the hospital he was at .
18,null,null,We had his memorial service and funeral ..
19,null,null,then things started to calm down .
20,null,null,My mom and I spent time making the house spotless and reorganizing .
21,null,null,I woke up this morning to find out that the cat I have had for 6 - 7 years got hit by a car .
22,null,null,I buried him in a box outside our house and
23,null,null,now I am just laying here , wondering if it is going to get any worse before it gets better .
703 7
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Laughed today from an unexpected source
2,null,null,Particularly rough night I have been having alone with my thoughts .
3,null,null,Decided to text one of these crisis hotlines for the first time ever ..
4,null,null,no one was around to reply for an hour .
5,null,null,I found myself laughing pretty hard at the irony of not getting a response from a suicide crisis hotline .
6,null,null,Go figure .
7,null,null,But hey , crisis momentarily averted lol
704 12
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Fuck my father ! !
2,null,null,I do not hate him anymore for giving me a rough childhood
3,null,null,, I do not love him either , instead I pity him .
4,null,null,He has gone through a lot of hardships : losing a brother , going through a nasty divorce , having a sister with a chronic illness , finding out his first born ( me ) is a necrophiliac , then going broke ..
5,null,null,But he is making my life a lot harder when he does not acknowledge my pain .
6,null,null,He yelled at me saying that BPD is bulshit
7,null,null,, it is a fantasy , that depression is just a joke .
8,null,null,Now he wants to throw my meds because he believes it will not help me at all .
9,null,null,I am to scared to take actions against him .
10,null,null,He makes me want to kill myself even more to prove that he is wrong.**I.am.not.fine !
11,null,null,*
12,null,null,*
705 20
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Life is so fucking bullshit
2,null,null,You think your family cares about you and would do anything to help you , but
3,null,null,that is a fucking lie .
4,null,null,Both my parents said they went through a " deep depression " that was as bad or worse than mine when they were my age , yet
5,null,null,they show 0 interest or care in helping me .
6,null,null,I have a sore throat ?
7,null,null,Oh Jesus go to the walk - in clinic immediately !
8,null,null,I say I am extremely depressed and feel no happiness anymore ?
9,null,null,Oh yeah
10,null,null,we can totally fix that by having a talk every 3 months with you when you have a mental breakdown .
11,null,null,I feel like they want me to die since they do not give a flying fuck about my mental state , and
12,null,null,when we talk about it they just say shit like I have to be more positive .
13,null,null,I have started working out again last week , something I could not do for almost a year due to being injured , and
14,null,null,I feel nothing from it .
15,null,null,I used to love working out so much
16,null,null,but now it feels like something that betrayed me , as I am always gon na be doomed to be skinny because I am too depressed to have an appetite to eat enough .
17,null,null,Fuck sakes
18,null,null,I hate my life that is slowly being wasted everyday .
19,null,null,I dreamt of being a famous celebrity , but
20,null,null,instead I am here .
706 20
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I know I am depressed
2,null,null,but I have no energy to do anything to counter it .
3,null,null,I have been searching for a job for 4 months to no avail ( I used to have an office job for 4 years before quitting it to take a leap of faith to migrate to another country ) , and from the second month onward , I have plunged deeper and deeper into depression .
4,null,null,Back then in uni days , I was diagnosed with clinical depression and .
5,null,null,was put on medications
6,null,null,I have been off them since my graduation , because I did not want to depend on them for the rest of my life
7,null,null,and I did not really have the funds to continue the treatment back then .
8,null,null,These days I feel exactly like I am slogging through those low energy periods again .
9,null,null,My mind would never shut down at my usual bedtime and
10,null,null,at times anxiety would keep me awake until 5 or 6 o'clock in the morning .
11,null,null,My biological clock is a total mess
12,null,null,, in the morning I would just sleep in and refuse to wake up , even though it is already past noon .
13,null,null,I tend to shy away from as much social interaction as possible ; I just plainly do not want to meet anyone , it freaks me out and .
14,null,null,makes me uncomfortable
15,null,null,I even refuse to answer any emails or continue the dreary job searching and job application .
16,null,null,I know that I am in a big mess .
17,null,null,I disgust myself for my lack of energy and determination to do anything .
18,null,null,But then when I am faced with the colossal task at hand , I would chicken out , then I would sleep on it , hoping that everything would somehow sort themselves out , only to find myself wake up in the next morning groggy and lethargic .
19,null,null,Nothing has changed , and
20,null,null,I am still deep in depression .
707 2
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,My struggle I barely get out of bed , I lost my job because I got to depressed to go in , My family do not speak to me because they do not believe in how depressed I am , I have distanced myself from all my friends they do not even check up on me anymore .
2,null,null,I just feel like I have been forgotten and it hurts so , so much
708 17
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am a single white gentleman , 27 .
2,null,null,I have dealt with depression since the age of 7 , and
3,null,null,it has gotten worse over the years .
4,null,null,Not having any family / friends is not helping any ( it is been this way for years now ) .
5,null,null,My depression got really bad when I graduated from high school and my parents turned their backs on me .
6,null,null,While everyone else was looking forward to a bright future , my parents had the attitude of " screw you , you are on your own " .
7,null,null,They refuse to help me in any way , which has caused unbelievable problems for me ( unemployment being the biggest thing ) .
8,null,null,Having a friend is not the cure - all , but
9,null,null,it would definitely help a lot .
10,null,null,I feel so hopeless and alone .
11,null,null,I tried other internet groups , but .
12,null,null,found them to be nothing but a waste of time
13,null,null,Just looking for someone who can relate , and .
14,null,null,will not judge me
15,null,null,I am fully aware that this is not a dating site , but
16,null,null,I would prefer to find a female friend .
17,null,null,If anyone is interested and / or has any questions about me , feel free to contact me .
709 5
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Question about depression : My boyfriend suffers from PTSD and depression
2,null,null,, what is the most effective way to support him ?
3,null,null,I know that I can NEVER understand his depression .
4,null,null,Even if I suffered from it too , I still could not understand through his eyes and in his shoes .
5,null,null,What is the best and most effective way I can support him ?
710 8
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Been medically diagnosed with depression
2,null,null,I have not been feeling the best physically lately dizziness , etc
3,null,null,and I am generally quite fit and healthy .
4,null,null,I have been wanting not to do anything besides be at home with friends for while
5,null,null,, my ex dumped me cause I would find it unpleasant to go outside of the house .
6,null,null,But I do not feel sad at all .
7,null,null,I do not feel worked at all
8,null,null,I just feel like everything is going at 10x speed .
711 21
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Just tied a noose
2,null,null,I just looked up some videos and .
3,null,null,learned to tie a noose
4,null,null,Suicide is all I can think of right now
5,null,null,and I am scared to do it only because the thought of becoming a vegetable and having to live like that terrifies me .
6,null,null,I guess this is one more step I am trying out to kind of ease myself into the whole thing .
7,null,null,People told me 10 years ago to stick with it because it will get better .
8,null,null,They still tell me that even though I would love to go back 10 years now because of how much worse its gotten and how much better even that was compared to now .
9,null,null,I did not think it would get this bad
10,null,null,but it did .
11,null,null,I have been through so many medications , doctors .
12,null,null,, checked myself into a hospital 3 times when I was sure I was going to do kill myself , called the suicide hotline several times , talked with friends , made lifestyle changes and all that
13,null,null,It still did not work .
14,null,null,I have only gotten more depressed .
15,null,null,There is no helping me .
16,null,null,I am just supposed to feel miserable .
17,null,null,I will never be happy .
18,null,null,I am not sure at this point if I even want to be happy anyways .
19,null,null,Hoping I can work up the courage to kill myself by the end of today .
20,null,null,I am really scared to do it but
21,null,null,its something I really need to do for my own sake .
712 21
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Am i simply lazy or ?
2,null,null,is there something more
3,null,null,If this does not fit this sub please delete .
4,null,null,I will be short , not the best writer .
5,null,null,I am university student , 25 , about to get bachelors degree in programming .
6,null,null,Never had a job , leeching from mom .
7,null,null,After four years of study i realized that at best i am average , at worst i am below that .
8,null,null,Before going to psychiatrist(spelling ? ) , decided to " look around " and see if there is basis for it or not .
9,null,null,Now , apart from feeling useless and generally thinking that i have no future .
10,null,null,I simply do not have any motivation .
11,null,null,I know i need to do things , i want to do them , but .
12,null,null,simply ca nt gather up motivation or focus to do them
13,null,null,I keep switching between other things , starting to watch videos , only to switch to another one , reading articles , browsing reddit until it is too late to do anything .
14,null,null,Then promising i will do it tomorrow .
15,null,null,Worst thing is that i do not really care if i fail .
16,null,null,Anyone experienced something similar ?
17,null,null,TL , DR :
18,null,null,Ca not gather motivation to do anything , i need to do it , want to do it , but
19,null,null,simply can not start doing it .
20,null,null,Keep switching between doing other things instead .
21,null,null,Anyone has any similar experience ?
713 12
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,This planet is making my depression worse
2,null,null,It bothers me how unfair life is .
3,null,null,How some people get ' lucky ' and .
4,null,null,are born into decent families , live in rich countries , have good genes , etc
5,null,null,while others get fucked and .
6,null,null,are born into abuse , illness and poverty
7,null,null,I am sure some of you know that picture of the starving child and the vulture by Kevin Carter - seeing something like that makes me feel so much worse .
8,null,null,Maybe some of you know the stories of people like Junko Furuta or Sylvia Likens - knowing that things like these happen .
9,null,null,all the time makes me fucking miserable
10,null,null,It just is not fair and
11,null,null,it really makes me want to sign off .
12,null,null,How can you be happy in such a world ?
714 52
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Ca not fix anything in my life
2,null,null,I am such a fundamentally broken person .
3,null,null,I have want to say I have been fighting for years , but .
4,null,null,that'a not true
5,null,null,All I can do is fucking run away from everything until the day is over .
6,null,null,No action I take to improve myself can ever have weight because I am so goddamn broken that when I try to do something to better myself , it just reminds me of how much of a fucking loser I am .
7,null,null,I can not handle the fucking * pain
8,null,null,*
9,null,null,that comes with self improvement .
10,null,null,It is not fun in the least .
11,null,null,It is humbling .
12,null,null,Too humbling .
13,null,null,And it just shoves in my face all the time I have wasted and all of the experiences I never had simply by virtue of being my self .
14,null,null,Everyone who is happy acts like life is just some natural occurrence .
15,null,null,Like things just happened to them and .
16,null,null,fell into place
17,null,null,This could not be further from the truth of my experience .
18,null,null,Nothing ever just happens organically .
19,null,null,Either I try hard and , or
20,null,null,fail due to my lack of intelligence
21,null,null,I do not do anything at all .
22,null,null,It is hard to stay happy after constant failure and social rejection .
23,null,null,I have never had interests or goals or relationships or friends .
24,null,null,I never will .
25,null,null,These thing do not just happen .
26,null,null,You have to be a certain kind of person for them to happen .
27,null,null,I am not that person .
28,null,null,I will never be that person because I do not even know who I want to be , and if I figured that out I would be too insecure to become that .
29,null,null,All I see in my future is homelessness and destitution because I came into adulthood with absolutely zero interests , special memories , or relevant / helpful past experiences .
30,null,null,My memory of my life in general is so goddam hazy at this point , if I ever did have those things , they have long been gone to the abyss .
31,null,null,I just think why .
32,null,null,Why do I have to be so broken and dysfunctional among everyone else ?
33,null,null,I am not even a real person .
34,null,null,I am a complete shell of what could have been a person .
35,null,null,This is too difficult to come to terms with , while impossible to argue against .
36,null,null,It is true .
37,null,null,It is my reality .
38,null,null,It honestly just makes me angry , bitter , and jealous of others , at a very deep , fundamental , human level , for what the healthy people have .
39,null,null,I fantasize about taking two AR-15s and unloading on people .
40,null,null,Maybe I know them , maybe I do not , it would not matter .
41,null,null,Often lives completely lose their value when my headspace gets dark enough .
42,null,null,Not as the result of an illness but .
43,null,null,of the fact that I am who I am both physically and psychologically
44,null,null,Blind rage .
45,null,null,That is what the result of my dysfunction is .
46,null,null,Pure fucking anger at both the world and myself .
47,null,null,Unable to cope with my grim reality , all I want to do is destroy .
48,null,null,The only thing I could ever really destroy is myself .
49,null,null,The thought of my life slipping away becomes more attractive by the day as I see how impossible my desires are and how completely fruitless any effort to change is sure to be , just like it always has .
50,null,null,I can not handle the responsibility of being alive and
51,null,null,I do not want to anymore .
52,null,null,I am just here for the hedonistic pleasures life sometimes offers , until either I or something else kills me .
715 26
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Just some curious questions here .
2,null,null,I am recently undergoing lots of stress in my life .
3,null,null,My work is failing and
4,null,null,I am struggling keeping up .
5,null,null,I recently have a new born in the family as well and extra workload at home too .
6,null,null,I noticed these few symptoms:1 )
7,null,null,Often worrying , going in a loop worrying even about small things 2 )
8,null,null,Very easily agitated , get angry very easy 3 )
9,null,null,Weird sleeping pattern , can not sleep at night and
10,null,null,sleep 10 - 12 hours straight during the day 4 )
11,null,null,Hard to concentrate at anything serious , easily distracted 5 )
12,null,null,Have up and down moments
13,null,null,, sometimes it feels as though nothing has happened , sometimes it hits hard and
14,null,null,I could waste one whole day just sitting at home being totally non productive .
15,null,null,6 ) Easily give up at everything I do , everything seems to be hopeless at times .
16,null,null,I am putting off going to the doctors for a long time now .
17,null,null,I previously been to the doctors and
18,null,null,was given 2 different kind of antidepressants
19,null,null,and I really felt awful taking them and .
20,null,null,stopped
21,null,null,I am reluctant going back because of the same reason .
22,null,null,Is this a serious matter that warrants me to see the doctor again ?
23,null,null,Just hate the feeling
24,null,null,but I noticed the " downs " have been coming on more and more lately due to more stress load .
25,null,null,Please advice , and if possible give some advice concerning the medication
26,null,null,I am most likely to be given if I go to the doctors as well .. thank you .
716 23
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,going through life waiting for it all to end
2,null,null,soon i got nothing going for me in my life .
3,null,null,i m 22 and .
4,null,null,never had a girlfriend
5,null,null,you know what , i never even had a friend .. guy or girl .
6,null,null,i m tired of going to college and doing meaningless work and for what ?
7,null,null,so i can join the rat race ?
8,null,null,i do nt want to grow old , it is only going to get worse as i age , especially healthwise .
9,null,null,i m totally awkward
10,null,null,, can not make conversation beause there is nothing interesting about me , and
11,null,null,i m really ugly ..
12,null,null,so that means no one would even bother taking an interest in me and approach me to really talk .
13,null,null,like that would be one of the major reasons why i never even had a friend , not to mention a girlfriend !
14,null,null,and i m poor , so i dress stupid .
15,null,null,it is the same thing
16,null,null,every single day , i go to school , .
17,null,null,do not talk to anyone , and go home
18,null,null,i do nt even have a job , and
19,null,null,i do nt drive .
20,null,null,i just hope i go away soon ,
21,null,null,like get a terminal illness , that would make everything so much easier .
22,null,null,i do not know , i am just rambling here .
23,null,null,i can not really describe everything in words here , you would have to be in my shoes to really get it , so to speak .
717 30
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Today is gon na be tough
2,null,null,I have been doing okay for a bit now and
3,null,null,have not really been in a slump for a couple weeks
4,null,null,but today I can not help it .
5,null,null,Been thinking all of last night about it
6,null,null,and now I am pretty torn up .
7,null,null,By no means am I a traditionally religious person .
8,null,null,I believe in a god , Jesus died for our sins , and all that good stuff .
9,null,null,But I do not walk around preaching and forcing what I believe onto others , instead I try and .
10,null,null,be humble
11,null,null,I am really struggling here with my depression here as I write this out on my lunch break at work .
12,null,null,I do not know if I can make it through today .
13,null,null,I just got to thinking last night and a few days before : at this point , is it faith or apathy ?
14,null,null,I just do not really care about anything anymore , not for a long time , many years , in fact .
15,null,null,I have always run my life according to my faith .
16,null,null,God will provide , God will meet me half way , .
17,null,null,be thankful for all that I have
18,null,null,I am not struggling with my faith or anything but
19,null,null,why am I still around ?
20,null,null,What am I looking for ?
21,null,null,What am I waiting on ?
22,null,null,I am by no means struggling with my faith
23,null,null,but rather where does the line cut off between having faith that things will turn out versus just not giving a shit about anything hoping things will turn out ?
24,null,null,I do not know
25,null,null,, I guess I just want to lay down for awhile .
26,null,null,Dream it all away .
27,null,null,Pretend that life is not bearing down on me or that I am happy .
28,null,null,I just want it to be over .
29,null,null,All of it .
30,null,null,Just take me home , wherever that be .
718 7
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,No where feels like home .
2,null,null,I remember thinking when I was younger
3,null,null,: I just want to go home .
4,null,null,Even though I would be in pajamas and in the house that I grew up in .
5,null,null,I feel like I do not belong anywhere
6,null,null,and I will never find my place .
7,null,null,The future just seems very bleak as though nothing good will ever happen .
719 76
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I feel like nothing works or will work out , can someone relate ?
2,null,null,It is always like I try something and want to better myself , have high expectations and then life comes , uppercuts me , spits on me and just screams You thought , bitch .
3,null,null,I had a really good therapist
4,null,null,but she suddenly quit due to illness .
5,null,null,I had to wait several months until I got the final answer .
6,null,null,Had no therapy in that time between
7,null,null,and also we only had like 6 sessions .
8,null,null,Now I have a therapist who is ok
9,null,null,but I just do not vibe with her that much .
10,null,null,And I can not change because of insurance .
11,null,null,Nor do I have the money to pay for one myself since I am a broke ass student .
12,null,null,I told her once that I do not want solutions .
13,null,null,I want someone to genuienly understand me .
14,null,null,At first she tried and
15,null,null,now it is all solutions again .
16,null,null,Try this , try that , we need to experiment .
17,null,null,I get the thought
18,null,null,but I feel like my deep down feelings are just irrelevant once again .
19,null,null,My first therapist really understood me and .
20,null,null,listened
21,null,null,I could cry my heart out
22,null,null,and afterwards I felt so much lighter .
23,null,null,I really miss that feeling .
24,null,null,Now it is just an obligation I have to do .
25,null,null,Back then I never used to come late to my therapy sessions because I really looked forward to it .
26,null,null,But now I am constantly running late because deep down , I just do not want to go anymore and give up .
27,null,null,I do not have energy for that .
28,null,null,I also took anti depressants
29,null,null,( Tianeurax if anyone knows that one ) .
30,null,null,At first it helped me , especially with processing feelings .
31,null,null,But then I turned super suicidal and .
32,null,null,had mental breakdowns over mental breakdowns
33,null,null,I completly stopped and
34,null,null,now I feel numb again .
35,null,null,I want to feel suicidal and emotional again , to be honest .
36,null,null,At least I processed something .
37,null,null,Now I feel empty and dead inside once again , like how I used to be all the years before I started therapy and taking anti depressants .
38,null,null,My new therapist asked me what I can bear more .
39,null,null,My suicidal state or .
40,null,null,this passive suicidal state
41,null,null,I told her the last one .
42,null,null,But honestly , I want it to be the first one .
43,null,null,At least I felt like a human .
44,null,null,At least some people cared because they were afraid I would do something to myself .
45,null,null,Now no one cares .
46,null,null,I am alone .
47,null,null,I do not go outside anymore .
48,null,null,I am just isolating myself again .
49,null,null,No one really talks to me
50,null,null,and I am just a bother to everyone .
51,null,null,I honestly think about taking my anti depressants again , just to get suicidal and off myself .
52,null,null,Despite often being a bad actor , I am just so well at playing this role of Of course , I will try !
53,null,null,I will do my best .
54,null,null,I am good at pretending nothing bother
55,null,null,is me and
56,null,null,everything is fine .
57,null,null,I am good at pretending to say
58,null,null,Wow , your advice helped me so much , thank you for listening ! .
59,null,null,But I am just a fraud .
60,null,null,Nothing helps .
61,null,null,Afterwards I just want to die more .
62,null,null,Sometimes I ask myself , why the hell do I even put up with all of this .
63,null,null,The only reason why I have not killed myself yet is because it would financially ruin my family .
64,null,null,I do not even care about emotions
65,null,null,, I doubt it would be that bad .
66,null,null,No one likes me anyway .
67,null,null,Just so they do not get into debt with my death or sth .
68,null,null,I often find myself also thinking that I will never leave a goodbye letter or tell them goodbye .
69,null,null,Because no one cares anyway .
70,null,null,I told them many times before why I want to die .
71,null,null,I do not feel like anyone deserves that anyway because they do not put as much energy into me as I put into them .
72,null,null,Whenever I feel like it goes up , it just crumbles down .
73,null,null,I really do not know how much of this I can take .
74,null,null,I have been like this since 6 years old .
75,null,null,I am 21 now .
76,null,null,I do not know why I got thrown into this world when I am ridden and infested with mental illnesses .
720 43
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,You do not have to read this , it is just a short story .
2,null,null,A few years ago i was in love with a guy , we were in the same course at school .
3,null,null,I got so nervous every time I saw him .
4,null,null,However , he did not say a word to me .
5,null,null,He ignored me .
6,null,null,He did not even look at me .
7,null,null,I did not want to ignore him , i tried to get his attention , but
8,null,null,i just did not manage .
9,null,null,It frustrated me .
10,null,null,I just did not understand why he deliberately ignored me .
11,null,null,I was so down
12,null,null,, I started cutting again , did not eat for days , ..
13,null,null,It lasted one year .
14,null,null,The whole year he never said a word to me .
15,null,null,Not even when my sister died .
16,null,null,I do not understand it today
17,null,null,and I never will .
18,null,null,I never will forget the pain .
19,null,null,However , i do not blame him for ignoring me .
20,null,null,Everybody has the right to ignore me .
21,null,null,But it hurts me so much .
22,null,null,And today I always get the feeling people ignore me .
23,null,null,And when people i care about do so , it is horrible .
24,null,null,Maybe they do not deliberately ignore me , but
25,null,null,i always think they do .
26,null,null,For me it is the worst thing you can do to a person .
27,null,null,It is worse than hating somebody .
28,null,null,I wrote a poem for this guy , it is not good , but
29,null,null,i want to share it .
30,null,null,Do not blame me Do not blame me for thinking of you , because you just do not know how i feel You never knew me
31,null,null,and you never will ,
32,null,null,but i know you
33,null,null,so well , yes i do .
34,null,null,Do not blame me for dreaming of you , because you just do not know how much it hurts
35,null,null,You are so far away , but
36,null,null,you are in my dreams
37,null,null,, there i can reach you , yes i can .
38,null,null,Do not blame me for searching for you because you do not know how much i miss you
39,null,null,You never looked at me like i look at you
40,null,null,, I need you , i always will Do not blame me for loving you , because you just do not know how i feel You never knew me
41,null,null,and you never will ,
42,null,null,but i love you so much ,
43,null,null,yes i do .
721 48
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,the message i was nt able to send him .
2,null,null,Dear ex , today I found out all the truth .
3,null,null,I saw you with her .
4,null,null,Why have you been lying to me ?
5,null,null,Why do you tell me you would love me forever when you do not .
6,null,null,Why did you lie to me that you are not talking to your ex when I know you have been ..
7,null,null,when I saw a message that you sent her that said " When I am with her I think about you " that hurt me so much ..
8,null,null,I still forgave you .
9,null,null,Why did you lie to me about her " suddenly " coming to see you when you already knew she was coming to see you ?
10,null,null,Why did not you tell me you were going to see her when you told me you were out with your friends ?
11,null,null,Why do I still forgive you even when you keep fucking up ?
12,null,null,Why do I love you so much that I did not mind if you do not love me as long as you were by my side ?
13,null,null,Why did you even tell me you would make it up to me and gain back my trust when you do not prove anything ?
14,null,null,Why do you keep telling me so much lies ?
15,null,null,When were you ever sincere to me ?
16,null,null,Was I a rebound ?
17,null,null,Are you happier with her now when you used to tell me she never made you happy ?
18,null,null,Did you get what you wanted now ?
19,null,null,Is that why you left me ?
20,null,null,Am I the only one dying here ?
21,null,null,While you enjoy yourself when we only broke up yesterday ?
22,null,null,Did I really meant nothing to you ?
23,null,null,When I thought you could love someone like me because I can not even love myself .
24,null,null,I depended on you and
25,null,null,you destroyed me .
26,null,null,I gave up everything for you .
27,null,null,My dreams , my friends , my family , my time , my efforts , blood , sweat and tears for you .
28,null,null,Maybe it is just my fault for not being good enough .
29,null,null,Maybe I was not pretty enough for you ?
30,null,null,Maybe I was right ..
31,null,null,she was irreplaceable after all .
32,null,null,I knew it ..
33,null,null,no one can love me .
34,null,null,I am not mea not to be loved .
35,null,null,I am so capable of loving someone so much but
36,null,null,that person is always not capable to give the same love .
37,null,null,My heart has been torn apart again .
38,null,null,When I trusted you so much with my fragile heart .
39,null,null,When I prayed to god you were not like my previous ex .
40,null,null,You became like him .. except you were even worse .
41,null,null,Why promise me things that you could not keep ?
42,null,null,Why tell me that you love me when you never did ..
43,null,null,I just hope that all the memories we had together , at least just one tiny part of it was sincere .
44,null,null,Where you actually loved me and .
45,null,null,was genuinely happy
46,null,null,I am sorry again that I was good enough to beat her .
47,null,null,I hope you and her will stay happy and be together forever .
48,null,null,I just really am never mea not to be loved .
722 14
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I feel like culture is a big reason why a lot of people do not seek out professional help
2,null,null,I do not know much about other cultures , but
3,null,null,I live in a Hispanic / American household .
4,null,null,I feel immigrants ' families are typically a very work focused group .
5,null,null,They expect you to just tough it out and push through everything .
6,null,null,Most people in these communities do not see depression as an illness , but .
7,null,null,rather as an excuse for being lazy or unmotivated
8,null,null,There is almost a macho type mindset that you are not supposed to talk about those bad feelings and that shit really sucks .
9,null,null,It is pretty much frowned upon to even consider looking for therapy because it is for crazies .
10,null,null,I have been chronically depressed for years
11,null,null,but I am finally going to seek professional help Monday .
12,null,null,I have been having suicidal tendencies for years and
13,null,null,if I ever have kids , which I very much hope
14,null,null,I do one day , I will be damned if they feel they can not come to me to talk about any bad thoughts .
723 10
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I wish I will not wake up when I go to sleep
2,null,null,tonight I got tons of acquaintances but not friends .
3,null,null,I wish I have someone to talk to , about things I like , things I am passionate about .
4,null,null,It does not help that I am aloof and unfriendly .
5,null,null,Wait ..
6,null,null,I forgot I no longer have a passion for things anymore .
7,null,null,I am so alive outside , but
8,null,null,I am pretty much dead and rotting on the inside .
9,null,null,I wish I would die already .
10,null,null,Fuck .
724 21
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I do not know what to do with myself anymore .
2,null,null,Last year , I met a wonderful friend online .
3,null,null,We began dating in February of 2017 and .
4,null,null,have been inseparable ever since
5,null,null,However , we both have mental illnesses , for me I have PTSD and depression , and for him ADHD and depression .
6,null,null,He is being treated for both , I am untreated because of my family and our financial situation .
7,null,null,I am afraid I am frustrating him .
8,null,null,I feel like I am dragging him down .
9,null,null,He is tried to get me to take better care of myself , but
10,null,null,it is hard , seeing as we are long distance and I always slip back into my bad habits .
11,null,null,I feel like I pissed him off tonight
12,null,null,and I never understood why he got frustrated , but
13,null,null,now I think I do .
14,null,null,No matter what , I did not really listen or , and
15,null,null,heed his advice
16,null,null,I am afraid because of that he is going to decide that I am unmanageable and he will leave me .
17,null,null,I am terrified I am going to make him resent me .
18,null,null,I am at my wit is end , he is my best friend and
19,null,null,I am very in love with him , but I just do not know how to be better for him .
20,null,null,I am up at 3 in the morning , school tomorrow , crying because I am afraid of losing the one person who has not given up yet .
21,null,null,I do not know what to do .
725 25
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I do not know if doing this right , but putting it down ' on paper ' gets it out of my head , at least temporarily , and
2,null,null,i am dying inside .
3,null,null,i am trapped !
4,null,null,i feel so low , unwelcome familiar thoughts in my head , and nowhere to turn .
5,null,null,my two teenage kids in bed , my bloke away at his kids for weekend
6,null,null,, I want to cry , but .
7,null,null,can not anymore
8,null,null,Do not want to bring anyone down with my feelings
9,null,null,but so lonely at moment .
10,null,null,life has nothing new to offer me and
11,null,null,it seems so easy to leave it all , but how can I when i have two beautiful kids upstairs .
12,null,null,Ca not do that to them , and
13,null,null,that is why i feel so low .
14,null,null,hate life , always have .
15,null,null,feel comfortable in depression after a while and
16,null,null,that is when i get to point of not caring who i hurt .
17,null,null,had several episodes through teens and adult life , drink used to help , unemployment let me be selfish , being
18,null,null,single mom meant i did not have to explain my feelings , but
19,null,null,this is first episode since been with partner of 3 years .
20,null,null,he will not understand , and
21,null,null,i just dread tomorrow when he comes home .
22,null,null,just want to sleep and never wake up .
23,null,null,trapped , angry I am trapped , feel selfish for feeling this way , and
24,null,null,that makes me even angrier .
25,null,null,any parents out there understand what i mean ?
726 20
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Feeling Good is an excellent book .
2,null,null,I have re - read a few times when I have felt the need .
3,null,null,If you are looking at something for anxiety and panic , I suggest Mastering Anxiety and Panic revision II
4,null,null,( map-3 ) by David Barlow
5,null,null,.
6,null,null,I suffered from anxiety , panic attacks and agoraphobia from the time I was 12 until last year ..
7,null,null,that is 30 years .
8,null,null,Nothing had ever helped until I found a therapist that uses that program .
9,null,null,A different way of looking at things
10,null,null,and I have to say that I worked miracles for me .
11,null,null,I am driving , flying , going to concerts , sporting events ..
12,null,null,things I have not done for over 20 years .
13,null,null,I NEVER thought I could get better and only went because my boyfriend of 8 years was honest with me and told me that he did not know if he could spend the rest of his life going every place alone .
14,null,null,That was a wake up call for me and to my surprise , I found that I COULD do it .
15,null,null,I still have my depression and
16,null,null,I am endlessly working on being medicated correctly for that ..
17,null,null,all of you know how that is .
18,null,null,You can buy just the workbook .com
19,null,null,( Oxford University Press ) .
20,null,null,Well worth the money .
727 6
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,When people surrounding you keep thinking that you are trying to act cool over your mental illness .
2,null,null,I am depressed .
3,null,null,And those people around me always think that I am just trying to act deeply , or being cool .
4,null,null,They ask me to become normal
5,null,null,but I still do not get what kind of normal that they mean .
6,null,null,Depression is not cool , it is not a lifestyle , why people keep assuming me of hating them just because I do not enjoy making fun and telling them stories ?
728 27
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Hi I am a 20 year old gal from west coats of Scotland
2,null,null,and i feel i need somewhere to spill my thoughts .
3,null,null,I am a student nurse with 2 part time jobs and college so obviously in stressed and
4,null,null,i d does not help that I am in a big bit of debt .
5,null,null,I am listening to songs which usually maked me happy
6,null,null,and i cry ,
7,null,null,I tend to drink quite a bit because I am so unhappy
8,null,null,, i do not know what to do , I feel as though everyone is passing me by in my life
9,null,null,I am overweight
10,null,null,which does not help the situation although i am trying to lose it .
11,null,null,it does not work .
12,null,null,I have been in trouble with the police as i went off the rails i started taking drugs which made me happy and .
13,null,null,then got warnings from the police
14,null,null,I seem to be writing this and not making any sense to my self .
15,null,null,Does anyone else feel like this as i feel as i feel like I am the only one that feels like this .
16,null,null,I sit and
17,null,null,wonder what it be like if i did not exist would anyone miss me
18,null,null,would anyone notice if i did not turn up for college or work .
19,null,null,My life feels so useless there are people dying from disease and
20,null,null,instead of me they could have a longer life if they took my place
21,null,null,, i do not know what else to do
22,null,null,i ca nt talk openly about how i feel so i have to resort to a web based environment ,
23,null,null,do not think i do not have plenty of friends because i do
24,null,null,i just feel as they have enough to worry about instead if thinking about me .
25,null,null,If anyone else out there wants to chat feel free .
26,null,null,Would not blame you if you did not .
27,null,null,The best times of my life at the moment are when I am sleeping .
729 49
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I have been reading this subreddit for awhile .
2,null,null,Well , as the title says I have been reading this stuff for months .
3,null,null,I think I am depressed .
4,null,null,I am not sure why though .
5,null,null,I have a really good long - term boyfriend ,
6,null,null,everything I need and .
7,null,null,a lot of things I just want
8,null,null,I have been " depressed " as long as I can remember .
9,null,null,I think about killing myself every day , multiple times a day .
10,null,null,Like , " oh , i dropped something ,
11,null,null,well better kill myself "
12,null,null," Oh , I failed that math problem , you are worthless better kill yourself now
13,null,null," I can barely shower most days .
14,null,null,I do not know why my boyfriend has not broken up with me .
15,null,null,Sometimes I wish he would so I could just kill myself .
16,null,null,I feel really bad for him .
17,null,null,I have anger issues I think , My moods change really fast , it is hard to keep up with them
18,null,null,and I do not know why it happens .
19,null,null,Most days I do not want to get out of bed .
20,null,null,I do not have any friends .
21,null,null,I always feel like everyone hates me .
22,null,null,It would just be so much easier to die , why do people bother with life ?
23,null,null,What is the point ?
24,null,null,Everyone has always said that things " get better " but they do not really .
25,null,null,They change and
26,null,null,then something else sucks .
27,null,null,Nothing makes me happy , I do not enjoy doing anything that I can do by myself .
28,null,null,I hate being alone , I hate my own company .
29,null,null,I guess I just hate myself .
30,null,null,Is this depression ?
31,null,null,Do I just suck ?
32,null,null,Maybe I am just being dramatic .
33,null,null,I wanna be a better person
34,null,null,but I do not know how .
35,null,null,My anxiety feels like a prison .
36,null,null,It is really hard for me to leave the house .
37,null,null,I HATE being around people , but
38,null,null,I do not want to be alone either .
39,null,null,Going to the store is a nightmare for me , the panic attacks and worrying I am in someones way all the time .
40,null,null,I only go in the middle of the night and .
41,null,null,never by myself
42,null,null,What is wrong with me ?
43,null,null,Why can not I do things normal people do ?
44,null,null,Is there any point in existing when you always feel miserable ?
45,null,null,This is the most awkward thing I have done in awhile , Time to take a nap and .
46,null,null,forget I posted here
47,null,null,( I did not post to suicide watch because I have been having these thoughts so long
48,null,null,I do not think I will ever do it , even though I probably should .
49,null,null,I am just dramatic )
730 35
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am losing my mind and .
2,null,null,do not know where to put it for safe keeping
3,null,null,If only I could just put it in a little box , wait for the insanity to subside and
4,null,null,then take it out
5,null,null,and it would be unharmed .
6,null,null,Lately I feel as though I have been more crazy than usual .
7,null,null,I can not stand human contact , not just from my wife , but .
8,null,null,from anyone , a handshake , a hug , anything
9,null,null,I just tense up and .
10,null,null,can not breathe
11,null,null,What the
12,null,null,* * is wrong with me ?
13,null,null,Yet I lay in bed wanting her to hold me , but when she does , I can not breath , it has nothing to do with how she is cuddling up against me , it is just how I start to feel .
14,null,null,I hate feeling like this because it makes her feel like she is less than desirable or that she did something wrong .
15,null,null,She did not .
16,null,null,I still love her .
17,null,null,I need her .
18,null,null,I would be dead w/o her that is for sure .
19,null,null,The good doctor is on vacation this week , I may leave her a message about this latest ' issue ' just because I know myself .
20,null,null,I will not bring it up next time
21,null,null,I see her
22,null,null,and then it will continue to bother me .
23,null,null,It is like I need to go in w/ a list pinned on my shirt of things I would really like to talk about .
24,null,null,Because I get there
25,null,null,and I can not speak .
26,null,null,And I hate the awkwardness of sitting there , staring into someone is eyes , knowing there are things you should be saying
27,null,null,but you can not .
28,null,null,I will get over it .
29,null,null,I always do .
30,null,null,That is my motto and
31,null,null,I am believing it less and less lately .
32,null,null,Oh well .
33,null,null,Monday will be here in 10 min
34,null,null,and I need to go to bed .
35,null,null,See you tomorrow .
731 12
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am currently on Zoloft - 25 mg a day , and
2,null,null,my once high sex drive has evaporated .
3,null,null,I am only 24 and
4,null,null,my boyfriend does not understand why the sudden complete lack of interest in sex .
5,null,null,It causes a lot of problems , and
6,null,null,frankly - I feel like I am too young to not enjoy
7,null,null,/ want sex .
8,null,null,The Zoloft in general helped a lot more in the beginning - now i still get quite anxious
9,null,null,but I do not have the " head that will not turn off .
10,null,null," My doctor , though not excited about it , because it is a different class , has told me to start weaning off Zoloft and onto Wellbutrin .
11,null,null,I guess I am nervous because I do not want to go back to feeling out of control
12,null,null,and I was just wondering how everyone else has done comparatively , on Wellbutrin vs. Zoloft .
732 16
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I used to be so creative , and
2,null,null,funny
3,null,null,I used to enjoy writing , drawing and making people laugh .
4,null,null,Now I am just a shell of self hatred , and .
5,null,null,constant doubt
6,null,null,My social skills are out the window , I am always awkward .
7,null,null,I used to write short stories , and
8,null,null,I have not done that in several years .
9,null,null,My drawing skills have not advanced since I was a teen , which is is sad because if I had continued drawing , I would of been a lot better than I am now
10,null,null,I bet .
11,null,null,I am trying to slowly build up my artistic love by using adult coloring books , and doodling models .
12,null,null,I have become so engulfed with my appearance ( I have BDD and anxiety and depression ) that I completely abandoned all other parts of my personality that made me special and interesting .
13,null,null,I used to be so quick witted .
14,null,null,I was always the funny friend , and
15,null,null,I loved it .
16,null,null,I hate how I am now .
733 43
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,i am mad and sad , i suffer from depression
2,null,null,i have a problem with my family
3,null,null,, at first i thought i had a problem
4,null,null,but more and more i see that it is not me
5,null,null,the only problem is everybody else say it is me ..
6,null,null,i have three sisters who are all older than me they try to control every aspect of my life .
7,null,null,i am 27 years old
8,null,null,last june i lost my job and
9,null,null,had to move with one of my sisters at first things
10,null,null,were fine
11,null,null,and then she started to degrade me in front of her friends
12,null,null,i tried to ignore her for about 3 months
13,null,null,she was verbally abusive to both me and my children
14,null,null,i did everything i could to keep the house clean and please her
15,null,null,but she always found a reason to dog me out one day we had an argument
16,null,null,and i stood up for myself
17,null,null,and she was on the phone with a friend while doing so , later on that day her friend called me and invited me and my children to stay with her at first
18,null,null,i was scared because i did not know her well
19,null,null,and i did not know what my sister had already told her about me
20,null,null,but i did not want to take my kids to the shelter they had already experience so much .
21,null,null,so i moved with the friend who is very caring and understanding and
22,null,null,my depression was ok for a while .
23,null,null,i was waiting on a low income apartment and
24,null,null,they finally called but
25,null,null,meanwhile my mom told me my sisters were upset because none of us has ever depended on anyone outside of the family and i am stupid and betrayed the family .
26,null,null,but every time i need my family they are never there
27,null,null,and if they are they give you lectures and
28,null,null,tell everyone your business
29,null,null,so i feel alone confused
30,null,null,and when i move i do not want to be bothered
31,null,null,but i do not have any friends
32,null,null,and i do not want to isolate myself because it is unhealthy
33,null,null,am i wrong to not want to be bothered or is this !
34,null,null,a classic case of me being selfish and not wanting to hear the truth from my family below i will give a brief history someone please help
35,null,null,been on my own since age 17 , never been without work , love my children with all my heart , was in a great relationship but
36,null,null,family did not like him
37,null,null,so , you know what happened !
38,null,null,and never got into any family politics
39,null,null,always accepted all for who they were , and finally when diagnosed with depression at age 19
40,null,null,everyone
41,null,null,i know told me i am depressed because i want to be
42,null,null,and i could change if i chose to .
43,null,null,what should i do ?
734 22
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,i have been on celexa for a month now ..
2,null,null,at first it was great ..
3,null,null,i was dizzy and drowsy but
4,null,null,my moods were much better
5,null,null,i had a tolerance that i never had before ..
6,null,null,the bad part was i could not eat ..
7,null,null,i am over that now ! ..
8,null,null,lol ..
9,null,null,i do however have the oddest sleep patterns
10,null,null,, i fall asleep everyday around 4 for an hour .. but ..
11,null,null,can not seem to get to sleep at night
12,null,null,i wake up tired ..
13,null,null,as for the end of this month i feel normal ..
14,null,null,or maybe i am just used to it ..
15,null,null,the one thing that bothers me is i am normally a emotional person ..
16,null,null,and i fear that i have become numb ..
17,null,null,i do not feel things the way i used to ..
18,null,null,which is i guess the point of it
19,null,null,..
20,null,null,i have experienced weight loss however ..
21,null,null,i am grateful for what it has done for me ..
22,null,null,i am able to see my situation clearly and think about myself now .
735 9
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Music to uplift ?
2,null,null,Okay , Reddit , I am having a really rough 6 months .
3,null,null,I keep thinking the fog will lift any day now
4,null,null,but it just sits there blurring the line between myself and the things I once enjoyed .
5,null,null,Maybe some music would help .
6,null,null,Is there anything out there that you have listened to to help you feel happier ?
7,null,null,I guess the moody shit
8,null,null,I have been listening to nonstop
9,null,null,probably is not doing me any favors .
736 6
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,It is become a personality trait Depression has become part of my identity .
2,null,null,As much as I would like to say it does not define me , it really does , it controls my life enough to debilitate my every day experiences .
3,null,null,I know we have one life and that there is nothing after that
4,null,null,but that fact is not motivating .
5,null,null,In many moments like this I am convinced that this is all life is and can be and the repetitive , short range , unchanging emotions is my proof .
6,null,null,Feels completely pointless and childish to even vent , me writing this feels ridiculous .
737 23
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I had my second appointment with my naturopathic doctor today .
2,null,null,I am getting this feeling that she is really just a therapist for people who do not want to go to a therapist .
3,null,null,She lets me ramble on about all sorts of things that have very little to do with my health .
4,null,null,Like what our rules for Jeffrey and food are .
5,null,null,Last time she gave me a series of homeopathic remedies ( Undas ) to support my liver .
6,null,null,This time it was a capsule called Ichol .
7,null,null,I am not sure if these things do anything more than lighten my wallet , but
8,null,null,I am willing to try them for now .
9,null,null,I do desperately need to lose weight and
10,null,null,if there is any chance that these things will help
11,null,null,, I am willing to go for it for a while .
12,null,null,I have been searching the net reading about Katirina and other personal tragedies that bloggers are going through
13,null,null,and I am sort of jealous .
14,null,null,My life is just full of ' normal ' stuff right now .
15,null,null,My grandpa died in August and
16,null,null,we went to his funeral but it does not affect my life in a large way .
17,null,null,Just in the morally rehensible way that now I do not have to feel guilty about not going to see him .
18,null,null,It is not that I did not want to see him , I just never found the time
19,null,null,and now I do not have to worry about it .
20,null,null,At some level I am sure that means that I am headed to eternal damnation .
21,null,null,In other news , we have managed to find a geo - cache .
22,null,null,It took us three trips to the spot because dusk is not the time to find dark colored boxes hidden in an unlit forest .
23,null,null,Even if it is just 2 kilometers southwest of our house on a really nice nature trail .
738 62
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,i am a 16 year old .
2,null,null,i think i am depressed , but
3,null,null,i do not know how to tell .
4,null,null,um .. it is like i am afraid to tell my parents because i know them , they will brush it off as no big deal or .
5,null,null,make me sit down and tell them what is going on
6,null,null,Did they ever think that i do not want to talk to them ?
7,null,null,My mother is like a roller coaster ride you can not wait to get off of .
8,null,null,One day she could care less that i am sick , or that i need to tell her something , and then the next day she is all , talk to me , tell me what is going on .
9,null,null,God it can be so annoying .
10,null,null,i know that i have a problem with my emotions
11,null,null,, i just can not seem to control them , when i am upset , .
12,null,null,stressed , angry , sad
13,null,null,There are always three things that i do .
14,null,null,First i cry , then i scream , then i run to my room , and
15,null,null,sometimes i might knock something down .
16,null,null,And that gets me another , what is going on talk .
17,null,null,Two years ago my grandma died .
18,null,null,We were not that close
19,null,null,and i think that is part of my problem .
20,null,null,every time i try to go to sleep
21,null,null,i just lay there and think about my life , and realize , there is not that one person , you know , everyone has one , that one person that you can just call up and say , " hey , i am in a bad mood , can you talk .. " or " hey i just got in another stupid fight with my mom , do you have time to talk to me .. "
22,null,null,and maybe that is what is wrong with me , i do not have someone to vent to
23,null,null,so i keep it all inside .
24,null,null,i mean i try and
25,null,null,find ways to let my anger and frustration out like
26,null,null,, i am a poet , sort of .
27,null,null,Everyone tells me i am at least , but .
28,null,null,they do not seem what to understand is that maybe i am a good poet because i have nowhere else to let all of this out
29,null,null,No one can see that , no one can see that i need someone to talk to .
30,null,null,i try and , but
31,null,null,talk to my mom
32,null,null,she is so busy , and that is not her fault
33,null,null,, it is not like she is ignoring me on purpose
34,null,null,, she has school , she has work
35,null,null,, she has my brother is wrestling match , she has a meeting .
36,null,null,then i try and , and
37,null,null,talk to my friends
38,null,null,i know that they would listen and they would try and understand , but i do not know , i just do not feel as though they need all of my crap on their shoulders , not that you do either , who ever is still reading this .
39,null,null,i guess it is that sometimes , i feel ignored .
40,null,null,i turned sixteen this year .
41,null,null,Happy Sweet Sixteen ..
42,null,null,right ?
43,null,null,i wanted to have a party , i wanted to go out and have a good time .
44,null,null,But that did not exactly work out the way i had planned .
45,null,null,At first i thought that my friends had forgotten about me , no call on my birthday , no card .
46,null,null,And then they threw me a surprise party , nothing big and fancy , just small , just the four of us , the way we like it , but
47,null,null,still it felt weird , it just did not feel right .
48,null,null,i am supposed to be driving , i have my temporary permit , i have had them since October , you know how much i have driven , about one hour .
49,null,null,i could have gotten my license last month , but
50,null,null,i can not go to driving school until i get more experience , and i can not get more experience until one of my parents decides to let me drive .
51,null,null,They used to take my brother out all the time , they would let him drive everywhere .
52,null,null,i do not know
53,null,null,, i just feel like sometimes being the middle child and the only girl i get ignored .
54,null,null,i am a cutter .
55,null,null,i tried to tell my parents three times that i was a cutter
56,null,null,and i wanted to stop .
57,null,null,i could not tell them in words
58,null,null,so i wrote them a letter , they never read it .
59,null,null,you probably think i am some selfish person , but i just have been holding all of this inside of me for three months now and there is more down inside of me , i just need to slowly let it out .
60,null,null,Sorry if this took up to much of your time .
61,null,null,Thank you for listening to me ..
62,null,null,it feels nice to know that maybe there is someone out there listening .
739 17
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I do not want to exist anymore
2,null,null,My girlfriend has left me a couple of months ago , saying she does not love me anymore but without explaining me why .
3,null,null,I then tried to ask her out one last time , not to come back together , just to clarify what happened .
4,null,null,She does not want to see me
5,null,null,and when I write to her she answers back
6,null,null,just so that I can not say she is ignoring me
7,null,null,and she continuously provokes me to get into an argument .
8,null,null,I really had trusted her , and
9,null,null,she had done the same , until a couple of months ago ( she is always told me I was the only person who she actually trusted , even after we split up )
10,null,null,so I feel like I have been used and then thrown away like an object .
11,null,null,I then realized I am not good at all at socializing .
12,null,null,, that she was the only truly important person in my life ( except for other two friends of mine , who have their own lives and I do not want whom to annoy too much with my problems ) and that I will probably never know anyone else in my life
13,null,null,Every day I feel like I am bothering other people
14,null,null,and I am not doing anything good , and
15,null,null,probably this is the reason nobody wants to become my friend .
16,null,null,I do not want to commit suicide , but
17,null,null,often I find myself thinking how better it would be if I stopped existing ..
740 47
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,A rant
2,null,null,, I guess I had to come off of my antidepressants for medical testing .
3,null,null,I am finally off of them
4,null,null,and I can not take this .
5,null,null,I did not think they were working
6,null,null,and I definitely was not where I wanted to be when I was at my maximum dose ,
7,null,null,but oh my God .
8,null,null,I started them for anxiety mostly so I am surprised that I am relapsing so hard into depression .
9,null,null,I just wish I did not exist-- eh , better
10,null,null,yet I wish I did not have to participate in every day life .
11,null,null,I do not know what to do .
12,null,null,I used to have so much motivation to finish my college work
13,null,null,and now I have none .
14,null,null,I have finals that start tomorrow that I have not studied for at all .
15,null,null,Like , not even a little .
16,null,null,And somehow I do not care .
17,null,null,That is just not like me .
18,null,null,I am exhausted from putting so much effort in all the time .
19,null,null,I exhausted from being stressed all the time .
20,null,null,I do not want to keep doing this .
21,null,null,I just want to sleep .
22,null,null,And to think I have four more years ahead of me .
23,null,null,I do not know what I am going to do .
24,null,null,I already feel like a failure .
25,null,null,I keep thinking that maybe I could find something to take my mind off things
26,null,null,but I have no hobbies .
27,null,null,I do not enjoy anything any more .
28,null,null,Not even eating , which I used to love probably too much
29,null,null,but
30,null,null,hey .
31,null,null,I want to lie in my floor and watch the days pass by me .
32,null,null,I do not want to have to keep trying .
33,null,null,Another thing is everything and
34,null,null,everyone irritates the living hell out of me now .
35,null,null,The smallest thing sends me over the edge into my spiral .
36,null,null,Three weeks ago if I spilled my coffee I would have laughed it off .
37,null,null,It happened the other day and
38,null,null,I cried for hours and was so angry .
39,null,null,Three weeks ago I was better than this .
40,null,null,And I am crashing all of a sudden .
41,null,null,I do not know how I am going to study for my finals and maintain my GPA to keep my scholarships .
42,null,null,I am fucked probably .
43,null,null,My therapist is not that great
44,null,null,and I have not seen her in awhile
45,null,null,and I do not have money to go back to her .
46,null,null,My psych appointment is not until late January , after my medical procedure .
47,null,null,I just want to be happy and have some motivation for fucks sake .
741 20
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am Mark , this is my first post on here .
2,null,null,I am feeling really scared of myself at the moment , I have been depressed to some extent for as long as i can remember , and have had many hospital admissions in the past , but for the past few years life has been manageable , I have been in a relationship , not a very good relationship but one that helped me feel safe , i stopped overdosing and cutting , the relationship as i said had its downsides
3,null,null,i am not sure love is the word to describe what we had
4,null,null,but it was a strong feeling whatever it was , and
5,null,null,now that we are no longer together i realize that whatever we had was stronger than anything i had before .
6,null,null,i am so lonely and
7,null,null,have very scary thoughts
8,null,null,, you see my partner has moved back to his home country as he had no choice he was living here illegally ,
9,null,null,the days we were together before he left i started to have very disturbing thoughts , i even thought of killing him as it would be easier than living without him ! !
10,null,null,that is very scary .
11,null,null,now that he is gone
12,null,null,all the old feelings i used to have about myself and the hatred i have for myself is showing again , he was my protector , my distraction i suppose .
13,null,null,but now i do not have that i feel it is only a matter of time until i do some thing really stupid .
14,null,null,i have not acted yet
15,null,null,as i do not what to have a ' failed ' attempt , i am not sure i want help , that is why i am looking here
16,null,null,first maybe after this rant i will understand what is happening a bit more , maybe not .
17,null,null,all i know at this point is i would rather not be alive ,
18,null,null,not sure i want to kill myself
19,null,null,but i do not want to be alive
20,null,null,, do not know if that makes sense
742 50
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am so mad at myself .
2,null,null,Angry more like it .
3,null,null,I truly hate myself right now .
4,null,null,My wife and I are currently separated , and
5,null,null,it is all my fault .
6,null,null,I know , I know , wouldo not blame yourself ' .
7,null,null,Well , the truth is that it is all my fault this time .
8,null,null,I did some pretty terrible things to my wife and family to make them leave .
9,null,null,I also opened my mouth when I should have just kept it shut .
10,null,null,I said some pretty stupid things over the past year plus .
11,null,null,I had become some sort of monster , and .
12,null,null,did not know what to do
13,null,null,When it got found out about , I told my wife that I wanted her to take the kids and get away from me .
14,null,null,Why did I do that ?
15,null,null,I love my wife very much , and .
16,null,null,do not want to lose her
17,null,null,I just do not know how to express that to her .
18,null,null,I am so angry that I just want to hurt myself .
19,null,null,I do not care how or what happens .
20,null,null,I want things to go back to the way they were before I started having my problems .
21,null,null,I just want to shout and hit something or someone .
22,null,null,I wish someone could help me .
23,null,null,I am seeing a therapist , but
24,null,null,I do not know if it is helping .
25,null,null,My mind is still a jumbled up mess .
26,null,null,My life is even worse , and
27,null,null,I do not know what to do to make it better .
28,null,null,I feel so down and out of it .
29,null,null,I can not sleep , I do not want to stay awake .
30,null,null,I do not feel like eating at all .
31,null,null,I just do not think I care much any more .
32,null,null,What good will it do to get my life straightened out if I do not have anyone to share my new life with .
33,null,null,I have been so unhappy and depressed for so long
34,null,null,, I am not sure I even remember how to be happy .
35,null,null,Why do I feel this way all the time ?
36,null,null,I am so unhappy all the time that my wife thinks that it is her that I am unhappy with .
37,null,null,Honestly , I do not know any more .
38,null,null,What is wrong with me ?
39,null,null,I see all these happy couples walking around , and
40,null,null,here all these happy Christmas carols being played on the radio , and I get very jealous .
41,null,null,Why can not I be happy like that ?
42,null,null,Why could not I be happy with what I had ?
43,null,null,I had everything that I ever wanted , a loving , beautiful wife , two great kids , and one more on the way .
44,null,null,I should have been the happiest man in the world .
45,null,null,Instead , I screwed it all up and .
46,null,null,lost everything that I held dear to me
47,null,null,What kind of idiot does something like that ?
48,null,null,I just needed to rant a little .
49,null,null,Any feedback would be greatly appreciated .
50,null,null,I just do not know what to do now .
743 8
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Holiday season I have pretty bad depression as it is but
2,null,null,when the holidays come around it is worse .
3,null,null,I have a lot of trauma from the holidays as kid involving some shit with my family .
4,null,null,I tried to tell my girlfriend
5,null,null,but she gets mad at me for being negative and .
6,null,null,that it is immature
7,null,null,can I try and ?
8,null,null,How seem cheerful around this time of year when it is literally the worst time of the year for me
744 26
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,i do not really know what I am doing here
2,null,null,but i think i better get this out because it is driving me crazy
3,null,null,and i really need to do something and stop thinking !
4,null,null,is it normal to be reaching out ?
5,null,null,i think that in the past looking back , i have tried to reach out and every time it just got screwed up .
6,null,null,i feel stupid
7,null,null,but i think it is like i need to know that someone knows that I am in pain .
8,null,null,is that rrlike normal ?
9,null,null,the first time i wrote a letter to friends , school found it and .
10,null,null,called my guardian
11,null,null,i then was forced to a doctor who i lied to and ran away from as if nothing ever happened .
12,null,null,next it was an email
13,null,null,, school found out
14,null,null,, school counselor persuaded principal for her to deal with it .
15,null,null,went to another doctor and .
16,null,null,ran away from it once more
17,null,null,now I have left school , no school counselor anymore with shit still going on and me still not dealing well with it .
18,null,null,since then i have spent so much money on credit where i started to message wrong numbers ' accidentally ' - how lame is that ? !
19,null,null,i still talk to one lady that replied who also suffers depression .
20,null,null,one night it went too far and
21,null,null,i ended up being taken to hospital because of what i wrote ..
22,null,null,and now I am here .
23,null,null,do you think that this stupid reaching out will stop if i go to a doctor or counselor ?
24,null,null,is this what my problem is , that i need to know someone knows I am in pain ?
25,null,null,why do i feel like this ?
26,null,null,anyone ?
745 28
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,This sub is useless
2,null,null,I do not want to appear pessimistic or a negative person , but
3,null,null,I do really believe this sub is useless .
4,null,null,This is the usual happening on this sub , op posts "
5,null,null,i feel like shit because I have no friends"/
6,null,null," life sucks " /"I
7,null,null,want to feel normal " and
8,null,null,other redditors reply with " yeah
9,null,null,same " /"i understand"/"I feel like shit too " .
10,null,null,I mean , what kind of reaction one expects from posts like this ?
11,null,null,I realize that op does not really want advices , he just wants to vent
12,null,null,and I admit I have done the same , but
13,null,null,honestly , did I feel better ?
14,null,null,Did I feel better after I realized other people are suffering with me ?
15,null,null,No .
16,null,null,Maybe if I told a friend , to my brother that I am feeling like shit , maybe , I would feel better , but ?
17,null,null,to unknown people on the internet
18,null,null,What they tell me is worthless .
19,null,null,I do not need to feel comforted or understood
20,null,null,, I need help from people and receiving advices on how I can improve my life or stories of people feeling better .
21,null,null,Something which is really lacking on this sub .
22,null,null,I want to feel better
23,null,null,and I do not care about intellectualizing my pain or feel comforted .
24,null,null,If one day I feel I have no hope and no chance of feeling better
25,null,null,I will kill myself .
26,null,null,Today sucks , but
27,null,null,tomorrow might not , so let is just try doing tangible efforts .
28,null,null,Thanks for reading .
746 13
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,There is a genetic weakness in my family - virtually everyone has been on medications at some time , or .
2,null,null,is on medications now , for depression and anxiety disorders
3,null,null,It seems to onset around puberty .
4,null,null,I have had a truly horrible time over the last 3 years supporting my depressed daughter ( now aged 15 ) and , more recently , my 22 year old son .
5,null,null,I have been taking 340 mg of St John
6,null,null,is Wort once a day for about a year , but
7,null,null,I am aware that the genes are kicking in , and I am now quite ill in my own right .
8,null,null,I really do not want to take prescription medications , as I have seen the horrible side effects that my daughter and son have experienced as the medications have kicked in -
9,null,null,she has had to change medications once as she reacted so badly .
10,null,null,Just from looking at the size of the St John is Wort pills available , it is obvious that I could take a much higher dose .
11,null,null,Does anyone know anything about dosage , and ?
12,null,null,whether it would be better to take doses throughout the day rather than just once
13,null,null,Incidentally , Valerian Root is great for sleeplessness - if you can stand the smell !
747 9
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,i can not sleep i have been planning for my suicide
2,null,null,i have decided to steal my grandma pills
3,null,null,and i will swallow all of them .
4,null,null,i am to tired to talk about it
5,null,null,i am 17 and
6,null,null,i tried to kill myself more than 10 times and
7,null,null,this time i am so fucking scared because what if i live .
8,null,null,i can not do this anymore
9,null,null,i am so tired
748 13
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Depression - induced forgetfulness is threatening my relationship with my family .
2,null,null,Need help urgently .
3,null,null,I forget everything , especially the most important things .
4,null,null,I forget appointments , I forget items at the store , I forget how to do things , anything that can be forgotten , I forget .
5,null,null,I do not mean to .
6,null,null,There is some kind of block in my brain that is screwing that up due to my many disorders .
7,null,null,However , it is being interpreted as apathy , especially by my parentsthey , and
8,null,null,have had enough of repeatedly reminding me to do things
9,null,null,I am an adult , and they need to concentrate on THEIR lives and THEY need what to do , particularly to help my thirteen - year - old sister blossom now .
10,null,null,So this needs to stop .
11,null,null,What can I do about this ?
12,null,null,Medications , cognitive therapy , anything else ?
13,null,null,I need to save my family ties and my future before they are completely destroyed .
749 25
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I went to College for Political Science .
2,null,null,Now I can not stand politics .
3,null,null,When I started college in 2012 , my goal was to join the foreign service to represent my country to people abroad .
4,null,null,I loathe Trump and all he stands for .
5,null,null,My grandmother lost every single relative in Europe to the Nazis , and .
6,null,null,two days after the election I saw another student at the University come in wearing an SS logo
7,null,null,And with Nazis marching every month I am am ashamed to be American .
8,null,null,I have been running behind in college for a while , but
9,null,null,as long as I had serving my country to look forward to I kept going .
10,null,null,At this point though I would rather be dead than associated with this country .
11,null,null,I can not even avoid the toxicity of politics because that is what my degree is in .
12,null,null,I spent the last year trying as hard as I could to think of any reason to keep going .
13,null,null,I can not find one .
14,null,null,I wrote my first suicide note last month all about my feeling of meaninglessness in a country that killed the country I loved .
15,null,null,While I wallowed in self loathing , I have costed my mother so much money .
16,null,null,Once my sister started college she had to cash out her 401k to keep us both in college because I did not get a scholarship and did not graduate .
17,null,null,I would get a job , but .
18,null,null,I do not have a driver
19,null,null,is license and public transportation does not go by my house
20,null,null,When I drop out of school my student loans will come due , and
21,null,null,if I can not pay them my family will try .
22,null,null,The only way out I can think of .
23,null,null,is death
24,null,null,My student loans are of a type that are forgiven if I die , so
25,null,null,my family would save more by just paying to have me buried than to pay off my debt .
750 11
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I can not stop crying .
2,null,null,My mom is one of the only people in my life that cares about me .
3,null,null,We just fought over stupid shit and
4,null,null,I feel so alone .
5,null,null,I just broke down , and
6,null,null,she does not know how to help .
7,null,null,She locked herself in her room .
8,null,null,I am so alone .
9,null,null,I want to die to bad .
10,null,null,All I do is work and sleep all day like a zombie .
11,null,null,I can not take it anymore .
751 23
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Looking for an opinion
2,null,null,So I have been angry for awhile now , and
3,null,null,I feel like my anger is unjustified .
4,null,null,A few weeks , I told one of my close friends that I had feelings for her , and
5,null,null,I also told her I wanted some space to get over these feelings .
6,null,null,This is because I could not be with her .
7,null,null,She has a significant other .
8,null,null,Soon after , she would not talk to me at all , and
9,null,null,she avoided me .
10,null,null,All of her friends told me that I should not have done that because it was a bad thing to do .
11,null,null,I just wanted to tell her that I wanted some space from her , so
12,null,null,I could no longer have feelings for her .
13,null,null,Since then , all of her friends , have treated me with aggression and insults .
14,null,null,I get dismissed every time I am around her and all of her friends .
15,null,null,This has launched me into another Depressive episode .
16,null,null,I was yelled at by other people and .
17,null,null,ostracized
18,null,null,I was thinking that what I did was not so bad , but
19,null,null,maybe I am wrong .
20,null,null,I feel like a bad person .
21,null,null,I know this probably ridiculous , but
22,null,null,I have also feel like killing myself because being ostracized and dismissed is one of my fears .
23,null,null,I have social phobia .
752 17
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,My name is Maria , I am 37 and .
2,null,null,have social anxiety plus some traits of borderline personality disorder
3,null,null,I have been taking Prozac for the last eight years and .
4,null,null,have been seeing a psychiatrist that whole time
5,null,null,Next week I have an appointment with a therapist ( I have only had random therapy sessions during this time ) .
6,null,null,What I am really struggling with right now is how I am still single after all these years .
7,null,null,I will go out with someone about a half a dozen times and
8,null,null,then they lose interest , or as the last person said , I freaked him out ( really I think he overreacted to a couple of incidents , but I guess if he was freaked out , who am I to argue ? )
9,null,null,In 2002 my best friend / ex died in my condo from years of drug / alcohol abuse ..
10,null,null,he was going through a rough period at the time , but
11,null,null,I really think we would have ended up together ..
12,null,null,since then I have had a hard time connecting with anyone else on the same level .
13,null,null,Does anyone else find that people they date are scared off ?
14,null,null,Every time someone breaks it off with me , I get very discouraged and
15,null,null,that much more " jaded " .. with this last person
16,null,null,, I even took a day off from work .
17,null,null,Anyone else go through this ?
753 6
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Happy birthday !
2,null,null,Anyone else hate being sung happy birthday ?
3,null,null,it feels almost sarcastic at this point .
4,null,null,I know i should appreciate that i have people in my life that want to celebrate that kind of thing , but wearing a obviously fake smile to attempt to hide how messed up
5,null,null,i feel inside get
6,null,null,is very tiring , very quickly .
754 39
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am a 31 year old mom of 5 .
2,null,null,I have a 25 year history of anxiety , depression and OCD .
3,null,null,I have spent years of my life trying antidepressant drugs and anti anxiety medications to help with the symptoms
4,null,null,but I have been labeled treatment resistant .
5,null,null,I either have side effects that I can not tolerate off of the drugs or
6,null,null,they just do not work for me .
7,null,null,I walk around every single day either feeling lifeless , numb , helpless , angry or detached from my family .
8,null,null,I have no support from my family as I am estranged from my abusive parents and
9,null,null,my sisters are not interested in my emotional problems .
10,null,null,To make matters worse
11,null,null,I suffer from seizures , migraines and asthma which cause me to be prone to bronchitis and pneumonia .
12,null,null,I spend a lot of time sick and in pain .
13,null,null,I have five kids to raise .
14,null,null,Two of them are disabled .
15,null,null,They have severe speech disorders that make them behave in a negative way .
16,null,null,It makes me feel frustrated .
17,null,null,My oldest daughter has problems in school because she is having problems with her vision .
18,null,null,She may have dyslexia .
19,null,null,I never get out of the house except to go to Walmart or the grocery store .
20,null,null,I can not drive because of my seizures and my husband .
21,null,null,never keeps a consistent schedule
22,null,null,I am housebound and lonely .
23,null,null,I see a therapist when I can
24,null,null,and he has actually told me he is amazed I have not killed myself by now with the stress I am under .
25,null,null,I am burnt out and .
26,null,null,sinking fast
27,null,null,Does anyone have any good advice for me ?
28,null,null,I do not have a support network
29,null,null,so forget about that .
30,null,null,I can not make it to support groups
31,null,null,so that is out .
32,null,null,I am alone except for my children and my computer addicted husband .
33,null,null,Please help me figure out how to cope with my life .
34,null,null,Right now I am dealing with my new seizure medication and the ongoing problem I am having with hair loss for no apparent reason .
35,null,null,I am very depressed about it .
36,null,null,Any advice is appreciated .
37,null,null,Please do not take this as me whining about my life .
38,null,null,I really am not .
39,null,null,I am just trying to figure out where my place is in all of this confusion .
755 19
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I have now had BAD night sweats on and off for about 4 years .
2,null,null,I am only 32 , so
3,null,null,it is not menopause and at this point I am pretty sure they are from my antidepressants .
4,null,null,I have now tried about 4 - 5 different antidepressants to try to get rid of them but
5,null,null,nothing has worked .
6,null,null,About 4 years ago I got night sweats when I tried Zoloft which is known for causing them , so
7,null,null,I switched to Prozac which never caused them
8,null,null,and I was fine , for awhile .
9,null,null,Then one day I just started getting night sweats and over the years I tried to get rid of them by switching to Wellbutrin , Effexor , Serzone ( I think ) and Cymbalta to no avail .
10,null,null,My night sweats get worse depending on the season and humidity .
11,null,null,At their worst , which as been for the past 2 weeks since the weather change , I am soaked all night , clothing , sheets , pillows , blankets - everything .
12,null,null,Then I freeze when I get up to change my clothes or go to the bathroom because I am soaking wet .
13,null,null,I am basically at the end of my rope .
14,null,null,I no longer know what to do and
15,null,null,my doctor is just choked it up to my antidepressants
16,null,null,so they say there is nothing I can do .
17,null,null,Has anybody gone through this and ?
18,null,null,found a solution
19,null,null,Help please .
756 13
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I have had United Healthcare as my health insurer for 7 years .
2,null,null,For the past 6 years they have dutifully paid 80 % of my weekly visits to my psychiatrist without any problem .
3,null,null,Then , quite suddenly last August , they stopped paying my doctor anything for my visits .
4,null,null,The insurer say that I am only entitled to 30 mental health visits per year according to the contract , but
5,null,null,my doctor insists that the insurer is required to forewarn her and me the patient when benefits are about to expire .
6,null,null,Neither of us received any notice that my benefits were about to expire .
7,null,null,My doctor and I have written letters and , but
8,null,null,called the insurer asking them appeal my case
9,null,null,they refuse to allow me any more benefits for visits .
10,null,null,So I am going to have to pay my doctor about $ 4,00 out of pocket .
11,null,null,Is there anything else I can do to fight my insurance company ?
12,null,null,My doctor and I both feel blindsided by the insurer and .
13,null,null,are furious
757 68
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,this is so stupid , i have gone over and over same old ranting around for years !
2,null,null,i could cheerfully pack my bags and , and
3,null,null,walk out on my three kids - and ex partner
4,null,null,all the grief
5,null,null,, i know i could , yet
6,null,null,i know deep down , i do not REALLY want to leave any of them , & could not because the pain and hurt that deep , i put up with the shit because i love them all , i would do anything i could for any of them , and
7,null,null,by god they ALL know it !
8,null,null,- try not to maybe , but
9,null,null,all take advantage of it !
10,null,null,i love all of them way too much - it scares me
11,null,null,i could be that cold
12,null,null,, i can be hard , and , but
13,null,null,nasty
14,null,null,i CHOOSE not to be like that , because i do not like it .
15,null,null,( although post menstrual week apparently i am hell ! )
16,null,null,i ought to be on meds !
17,null,null,i can not bring myself to take them , i try , i know i should , it just might help , i know I am tense- but honest to god ! - being told off , by my son , slagged off , hurt time and time
18,null,null,have to constantly break down
19,null,null,, ok i suppose in fairness my ex apologizes when it is appropriate to do so , - some times apologies just do not stop it , I am hell to live with for every one around me , i fall out with people all the time , there is never any peace in the house , people come go & ring at all hours
20,null,null,, i want to " be there " for everyone , lol -
21,null,null,like I am so helpful , because then next time it is , when they need something , they know they will get it-
22,null,null,because how can i not help ?
23,null,null,and I am christian ,
24,null,null,albeit a bad one
25,null,null,i expect !
26,null,null,also if they make me drowsy , and aid sleep - that is great,- until son comes home drunk !
27,null,null,( not loads but
28,null,null,maybe once / twice a week , maybe not at all - always when you least expect it though ! )
29,null,null,/
30,null,null,teenagers come round and party , ( they are very considerate for teeny boppers
31,null,null,may i add and
32,null,null,respectful of being able to come back watching films and drinking / music
33,null,null,reasonable 12 / 1 latest -
34,null,null,but i wait up for my lad who usually does the walking others back safe bit )
35,null,null,also my little girl is adhd , and
36,null,null,up very early
37,null,null,, i average 4 hours a night - this is also part stress .
38,null,null,- every morning i wake to kids fighting , shouting , aruguing .
39,null,null,despite fact they meant to stay in own rooms .
40,null,null,if I am not up , it will continue until someone gets hurt , so no lies there !
41,null,null,lol
42,null,null,my only babysitters are my ex or my son .
43,null,null,i have no other close family .
44,null,null,apart from my dad who lives quite a distance away and is quite elderly , not too great with his mobility .
45,null,null,self confidence is non - existent , i can find loads of reasons for being used , none for being LIKED .
46,null,null,as a person .
47,null,null,my son is joining the forces , and
48,null,null,on the back of the past few months - it is feeling for me and him like prolonged grief .
49,null,null,- we have talked , we both know it will be hard , it is always been us two against the world as he put it , but
50,null,null,yet we still lash out at each other , with the lashing out from all angles ( obviously by me mainly , as it appears to be my hang ups causing all i REALLY
51,null,null,do not know what to do .
52,null,null,counseling still not started , i stopped relate , as things are so hot / cold cold / warm and communication
53,null,null,so awkward
54,null,null,- i genuinely thought when i was told forget it that was the case - then boyfriend girlfriend on quite
55,null,null,, then hell because of me again , now god only knows but
56,null,null,even being considerately polite is a struggle , and humor gone
57,null,null,- so is pleasure in anything i do .
58,null,null,- my head is very literally all over the place , i can not get one " clear " thing to latch to as such , if that makes any sense ?
59,null,null,i have had kids since young n 17 / 18 - never learnt to drive
60,null,null,/ swim never traveled , never held a career .
61,null,null,even study for a year was a nightmare ( i did pass despite a divorce though : english gcse & art acess - lol )
62,null,null,just sick of fighting it out every day , trying to get kids to see why food meant to last a week !
63,null,null,silly stuff -
64,null,null,every day .
65,null,null,have such a headache trying to map out life
66,null,null,so everyone can be content and , and .
67,null,null,fulfilled
68,null,null,feel like for all those i love try to show affection , that it comes just before the knife or behind to heal the wound
758 39
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,It is been a while since I have written and I decided to start off again with a bit of a bang .
2,null,null,I am going to post my story of beginning recovery
3,null,null,, this is to try and cheer some people up and to let them know that they could do it too .
4,null,null,Well now , where to start ..
5,null,null,About a year and a half ago ( the beginning of Grade 8) is when I started to notice the changes .
6,null,null,Not physical but .
7,null,null,emotional
8,null,null,I had been told many times that this was very normal for teenagers
9,null,null,so I thought nothing of it .
10,null,null,There was an incident with a rather immature and nasty young man , who I just happened to have an ENORMOUS crush on .
11,null,null,Anyway we both kind of lead each other on for a while but
12,null,null,nothing happened , than he meet this girl at a hockey game .
13,null,null,He immediately started talking about her all the time
14,null,null,and how he really loved her so much .
15,null,null,I began to feel more and more useless .
16,null,null,After that I started rolling down hill like a circle of cheese , and
17,null,null,by March of that year I was quite close to suicide at several occasions .
18,null,null,This is when I started noticing that this might not be normal and tried many self - help methods , all of which failed .
19,null,null,I thought Grade 9 could be a new beginning , it was not .
20,null,null,My grades were starting to slip
21,null,null,and I just could not be happy anymore .
22,null,null,Finally after a close call in December I told my mum all about my failed attempts and how I was feeling .
23,null,null,She agreed to get me a new doctor .
24,null,null,I visited her
25,null,null,and I got diagnosed with depression and .
26,null,null,was prescribed Cipralex
27,null,null,Of course that took a while to work too which involved me missing a lot of school , falling really far behind , and having several more close calls .
28,null,null,Finally I started feeling a little better and .
29,null,null,was even stable enough to start going back to school and going to visit my family in the East
30,null,null,Well I just got back from that trip
31,null,null,and I have never felt better .
32,null,null,I am ready to face the world .
33,null,null,That trip was just what I needed .
34,null,null,When I get through these next weeks until my birthday all I can see is a varely clear path ahead !
35,null,null,For the first time in a year and a half I can concentrate and .
36,null,null,tolerate less than perfect circumstances
37,null,null,I hope everyone here will feel this way , you can if you just push through !
38,null,null,Power to us !
39,null,null,Rock on !
759 14
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Does anyone else get very irritable whenever you are hungry ?
2,null,null,The biggest problem in my life is that I get extremely irritable when I am hungry .
3,null,null,I will find myself fantasizing about getting in argument or getting mad about something
4,null,null,and then kinda snap out of it and .
5,null,null,realize I am actually just hungry
6,null,null,Then I get something to eat and
7,null,null,I can feel some of the stress melting away , taking deep breaths and shit .
8,null,null,This happens every day .
9,null,null,This makes me pretty cranky while I am making something to eat in the kitchen .
10,null,null,If anyone tries to talk to me
11,null,null,I just want nothing to do with them until I get some food in me .
12,null,null,It is putting a real strain on some of my relationships .
13,null,null,I am struggling with this because it is really hard to balance not overeating with not being irritable .
14,null,null,I do not really know what s going on .
760 6
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Seeing doctor this week to talk about my depressive symptoms .
2,null,null,Is it bad if I ask to be put on AD is ?
3,null,null,I have had some symptoms of depression for awhile ( no motivation , always tired , mood changes , sadness , etc . ) .
4,null,null,I have been pretty reluctant to bring it up but .
5,null,null,finally decided I should see someone to try and break the cycle
6,null,null,I would like to try being put on antidepressants and see if that helps me get back to feeling better about everyday life .
761 37
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,No friends whatsoever .
2,null,null,Living in isolation .
3,null,null,Please help me I am in my final semester of undergrad .
4,null,null,I am 24 .
5,null,null,I live in a university apartment .
6,null,null,I have severe social anxiety .
7,null,null,I have gone through therapy before , .
8,null,null,stopped for a while , and am now trying to find a new therapist that takes my insurance
9,null,null,Every day is almost total isolation .
10,null,null,I go to class .
11,null,null,I fantasize about working up the courage to talk to someone or say something in class but never do .
12,null,null,I go back to my apartment .
13,null,null,My randomly assigned roommates , all several years younger than me , keep to themselves .
14,null,null,I am too afraid to talk to them .
15,null,null,So I hole up in my small room and .
16,null,null,play video games or do homework
17,null,null,Day in .
18,null,null,Day out .
19,null,null,Rinse .
20,null,null,Repeat .
21,null,null,This has been my life for several years now .
22,null,null,I am incredibly insecure .
23,null,null,I have some combination of body dysmorphia and an eating disorder .
24,null,null,I am probably quite good looking
25,null,null,but I have never been in a relationship ; I am still a kissless virgin .
26,null,null,This eats me alive and .
27,null,null,makes me afraid to talk to women
28,null,null,Another reason to isolate further .
29,null,null,I am losing touch with reality .
30,null,null,I have loving parents but
31,null,null,their advice is not particularly helpful .
32,null,null,What I want is a friend , someone to talk to -- but the anxiety gets in the way .
33,null,null,I can talk to people in a structured setting , like therapy , or online ( and easily and freely at that ) .
34,null,null,But it is the act of doing it in the real world , in a natural setting , that is just impossible .
35,null,null,I fantasize a lot about killing myself though I do not think I could ever actually carry it out .
36,null,null,If someone could just be there for me I would feel better .
37,null,null,But I have given up almost all hope .
762 18
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,it is 3 am
2,null,null,and i can not sleep .
3,null,null,i have got so many thoughts rushing through my head .
4,null,null,i have tried writing them down and drawing pictures and doing mind numbing things to try and stop me thinking
5,null,null,but it is not working .
6,null,null,i just feel so angry for no particular reason .
7,null,null,i feel really violent and .
8,null,null,have been having thoughts about hurting people
9,null,null,i am not that kind of person .
10,null,null,i have not cut for nearly 2 months , and
11,null,null,i just attacked my legs with a broken glass because i had to get it out of my system somehow .
12,null,null,i do not know what is going on
13,null,null,, i have not been depressed lately
14,null,null,i have been feeling pretty good really .
15,null,null,i thought i was just getting things back under control and now whoosh
16,null,null,i am losing control again .
17,null,null,i just want to stop thinking .
18,null,null,i am actually thinking about banging my head against the wall until my brain slows down .
763 12
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,i have been taking paxil for 3 weeks .
2,null,null,i was on cymbalta for 1 month before my paxil .
3,null,null,now i have only had one good day so far .
4,null,null,i feel like crap it is scary .
5,null,null,i even went to have a aids test along with my blood work because i feel so awful .
6,null,null,my hands and feet sweat so bad
7,null,null,i drench my shirts .
8,null,null,this sucks for a girl .i
9,null,null,get hot flashes so much i have to sleep with a fan in my face
10,null,null,i hate this and .
11,null,null,am so worried about the way i feel
12,null,null,is this normal ?
764 21
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I have such a strong urge to just pick my stuff and leave at the moment that it is not even funny .
2,null,null,I really , really just want to grab a bus ticket and get out of here .
3,null,null,I suppose there are a lot of reasons , but one in particular .
4,null,null,This is going to get a little creepy
5,null,null,and it involves incest , so please do not read any further if you are just going to flame me .
6,null,null,My brother has an attraction to me which really creeps me out .
7,null,null,He is all the time running around the house naked , hitting on me , ' helping ' me adjust my dresses
8,null,null,so his hands can slide dangerously near my chest .
9,null,null,It really , really disturbs me .
10,null,null,My problem is that he asked me if it was all right if he hung around naked and stuff when I was drunk .
11,null,null,I told him yes because I did not have my mind about me .
12,null,null,Now I can not think of how to tell him that it makes me uncomfortable and that I do not want him doing it anymore .
13,null,null,Along with that I just lost my best friend due to depression .
14,null,null,I have been trapped in my house for two weeks
15,null,null,and I have not seen my mom , dad , brother , or sister for more than five minutes in this entire time .
16,null,null,I just want to run away from it all .
17,null,null,I do not want to kill myself , but
18,null,null,I do want to pack and go and just get away from this wretched town .
19,null,null,Would it be such a bad thing to leave ?
20,null,null,I know it would be running from my problems , but
21,null,null,maybe I could find easier problems to deal with somewhere else .
765 30
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Hello I am 25 from the UK , I have suffered from depression I would say most of my life , but
2,null,null,have only been on medicines ( 20 mg of Prozac ) for just over 2 years on and off
3,null,null,, I have had times off the medicines and and
4,null,null,relapsed back into depression
5,null,null,the last time I saw my doctor he said It would be better for me to stay on antidepressants long term .
6,null,null,The Prozac is working for me at the moment
7,null,null,However I find the medicines interrupt my sleep
8,null,null,and I wake 3 or 4 times a night and
9,null,null,the sleep I do get is very light and " dreamy " sleep , plus
10,null,null,I seem to be a bit lightheaded and reckless , on my motorbike for example
11,null,null,I do stupid things like speeding and other dangerous stuff ( to myself not others ) , which before off the medicines I would never do because I was very paranoid and cautious .
12,null,null,I was off Prozac for a while late last year and
13,null,null,things went down hill fast
14,null,null,, I was cutting my arms and wanted to kill myself
15,null,null,, I felt I had no reason to live , I was drinking to relive the depression , and
16,null,null,I was drinking about 10 to 12 cans of lager(or 3 bottles of wine )
17,null,null,a night , thinking about it I was wrecking my liver and , plus
18,null,null,feeling even more depressed in the morning
19,null,null,I was putting on loads of weight with all the beers , which was another reason to make me feel like crap .
20,null,null,After New Year I made the decision ( with my doctor ) to go back on the antidepressants , and
21,null,null,cut the booze almost out
22,null,null,( I still drink about 1 or 2 a night but
23,null,null,that is all ) because things could not get any worse .
24,null,null,I feel a lot better , I am back in the gym and , and
25,null,null,getting back into shape
26,null,null,my job is going well
27,null,null,, I am in a recovery stage at the moment , I just hope I do not f --
28,null,null,k it up again like before .
29,null,null,Anyway I hope everybody on here is ok .
30,null,null,Warm Regards to you all
766 56
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,It goes by a few names ..
2,null,null,a spiritual eclipse ..
3,null,null,the black hole ..
4,null,null,the shadow ..
5,null,null,my own prison ..
6,null,null,the downward spiral .
7,null,null,I have named it a lot of different things ..
8,null,null,like it has a life of its own .
9,null,null,In a way it does .. my life .
10,null,null,For too long and too completely .
11,null,null,It is getting better but
12,null,null,at times it seemed it could not be much worse .. unless I did the unthinkable ..
13,null,null,at least most of the time it is unthinkable .
14,null,null,Divorced for a little over a year know ..
15,null,null,removed from a wife I came to realize was a classic borderline personality
16,null,null,( look it up ) ..
17,null,null,I never realized how far down I was on the ladder of life and spirit until I got away from the witch / queen .
18,null,null,A true chameleon who changed and kept me guessing and off balance for 18 years ..
19,null,null,never knowing who to expect .
20,null,null,Finally starting to figure it out ..
21,null,null,I think .
22,null,null,Two DWI is since the split in rapid succession and .
23,null,null,then finding out I was self medicating without realizing it
24,null,null,No license for the last 10 months ( 2 to go ) and recovering emotionally and financially with Mom and Dad .
25,null,null,Thank God someone cares .
26,null,null,Two children I had to leave with the Queen of misery because of the threat of false allegations against me if I dared to go for custody .
27,null,null,Hungry and lonely for someone to just be nice to me and ..
28,null,null,care about me
29,null,null,at least a little bit
30,null,null,..
31,null,null,I find myself in my own prison having to acknowledge the fact
32,null,null," Why would anyone want to have anything to do with me ? "
33,null,null,Hard to accept , but
34,null,null,the truth .. too much baggage ..
35,null,null,my ex is baggage she handed off to me to spare herself her own truth .
36,null,null,At times I wished I could just flip a switch and just go away .
37,null,null,Times I thought about driving into a bridge abutment or into a truck at the last second .
38,null,null,Absolutely crazy stuff .
39,null,null,I can now see what was so logical at that time to be so desperate from too much pain suffered by the abuser she was .
40,null,null,I can now see the so called glimmer or hint of a silver lining in the most simple of things life offers to everyone each and everyday .
41,null,null,Thank God .. finally .
42,null,null,Things will get better and hopefully
43,null,null,someday great .
44,null,null,I keep trying remind myself things
45,null,null,could be a lot worse .
46,null,null,Two great healthy kids who love me and miss me terribly .
47,null,null,I am their entire world .
48,null,null,I now realize that .
49,null,null,That alone has kept me " here " .
50,null,null,Realizing now that I have been lost in that vortex of hell tugging at me for years ..
51,null,null,I actually want to keep going on to life .
52,null,null,is next challenge
53,null,null,That spells hope and progress in itself .
54,null,null,I have made it this far after going through hell with her ..
55,null,null,why stop know when things are just starting to look up
56,null,null,I do not want to go back into that dark hole that life was for far too long .
767 10
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am having suicidal thoughts He chose someone else over me again .
2,null,null,How can someone be so heartless ?
3,null,null,He had no concern for my feelings .
4,null,null,He just cut me out of his life by saying he never loved me and wanted to be with someone else .
5,null,null,How do you recover from that ?
6,null,null,I am so angry .
7,null,null,It has gotten to the point of me having suicidal thoughts .
8,null,null,That is not the route I want to take because I am a mother , but
9,null,null,it is getting hard to cope .
10,null,null,Help
768 13
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,My boyfriend blocked me
2,null,null,I have been talking to him about my depression and my feelings , and
3,null,null,he usually does not offer the most support .
4,null,null,Most of the time I just want someone to listen , maybe hold my hand and .
5,null,null,tell me everything will be okay
6,null,null,Well today , he blocked me .
7,null,null,He blocked my phone number and
8,null,null,he completely blocked me on all social media is .
9,null,null,All because he got tired of listening to me talk about how I feel .
10,null,null,I told him today I wished I was dead
11,null,null,and I felt all alone .
12,null,null,And he blocked me .
13,null,null,Maybe he really does not care if something happened to me .
769 12
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am 30 and .
2,null,null,fighting with my depression for almost 2 years now
3,null,null,I had psychosomatic problems all the time .
4,null,null,Until July , I was on medication with SSRI ( selective serotonine reuptake inhibitors ) which helped me a lot but never completely and then for some months none .
5,null,null,Now I consulted another doctor and .
6,null,null,decided to try with different medicine called Remeron
7,null,null,But my question might sound not related .. I somehow think that contraceptive pills ( antibaby pills ) that I used somehow contributed to my " state of art " .
8,null,null,I used them for 3 months because my gynecologist advised ( she thought that I had some problem with hormones ; she did not even check my blood ! )
9,null,null,and when I stopped with this " therapy " I experienced " total breakdown of the system " .
10,null,null,Now , this pills somehow simulate pregnancy , and .. ! !
11,null,null,there is phenomenon of postpartum depression ( the baby blues ) and the women over 50 quite often develop depressions ( hormones again ! )
12,null,null,So , I would like to ask if somebody had similar experience with contraceptive pills ? !
770 15
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Do therapy sessions work ?
2,null,null,I am 18F , I am really unhappy with existing .
3,null,null,I constantly feel low , I have no social life or friends , even when I did -
4,null,null,I had no interest in going out .
5,null,null,I have recently gone through a breakup and
6,null,null,it is made everything worse
7,null,null,, my heart feels like it can not take no more .
8,null,null,And I have got classes everyday which I do not want to do .
9,null,null,I am just sticking in it for the last 6 months .
10,null,null,I do not feel any joy anymore , should I see a GP ?
11,null,null,Do therapy sessions work ?
12,null,null,I do not see what they could tell me that I already know , exercise .
13,null,null,, go out and do things - talk about how I am feeling
14,null,null,I am pretty self aware .
15,null,null,What are things you have done that have worked ?
771 3
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,If this gets worse there is only 1 answer Hey guys , I have been doing mostly ok for the past few months after trying to kill myself .
2,null,null,Some days I really have to drag myself through though .
3,null,null,I can not fall back into that cycle , I know exactly where it leads .
772 27
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Hi , i joined earlier last year in quite a bad state .
2,null,null,doubt if anyone will remember me !
3,null,null,I kind of sort of isnapped out ' of it if that is at all possible .
4,null,null,I realized i was not just upset , but .
5,null,null,i was never diagnosed as depressed , so i am so sorry if I am offending anyone by posting here
6,null,null,But you guys really helped me when i was last here .
7,null,null,From the start of this year i have been so wouldown ' it is unreal .
8,null,null,At first i put it down to stress of january exams but
9,null,null,even though the exams are over i am still so miserable ( for want of a better word ) .
10,null,null,I have a great boyfriend who i love very much and vice versa .
11,null,null,we have been going out for about 6 months and
12,null,null,everything is going great , but my moods are starting to put a strain on him ( tom ) .
13,null,null,i have put it down to the fact that I am really low on self esteem at the moment for some reason , but
14,null,null,i do not want get up in the morning because i just do not feel i can face anyone .
15,null,null,i LOVE shopping
16,null,null,, it makes me feel so good , but
17,null,null,it does not do anything for me now .
18,null,null,I get a bit of Seasonal Affective Disorder , and
19,null,null,even sun showers have not cheered me up .
20,null,null,Because i am so down
21,null,null,i have become really irritable lately , like permanent PMT and
22,null,null,like i said ,
23,null,null,i think its really starting to put pressure on tom , because he is always on the receiving end of my moods .
24,null,null,I do not want to mess everything up or slip too far down the depression road again .
25,null,null,I just do not know what to do or how to explain things to tom ( my boyfriend ) .
26,null,null,Any words of wisdom you could offer me ?
27,null,null,i think things really might be in trouble .
773 89
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I do not particularly want to go into details about how I have been feeling the past couple of years , only because it is too much for me to go into , and
2,null,null,I do not want to leave out important details or anything .
3,null,null,In September 2005 , I voluntarily admitted myself to the hospital , the reason being because my depression had grown so severe that my muscles gave out
4,null,null,is psych ward through my psychiatrist
5,null,null,and I could not move anymore , and
6,null,null,my will to live had vanished entirely
7,null,null,, I stopped eating , I was dehydrated , I stopped going to school , all I did was lay in bed all day , it is the only thing I could do .
8,null,null,The decision to go to the hospital turned out to be a very , very big mistake , and
9,null,null,I regret making that choice .
10,null,null,I felt no connection with the other kids there , especially because I was a week away from turning eighteen , and most of them were thirteen , fourteen , and maybe one or two
11,null,null,sixteen year olds .
12,null,null,We were similar in an emotional aspect , but
13,null,null,otherwise I could not relate to any of them .
14,null,null,I just bored them , and
15,null,null,the way they talked and the things they talked about just confused me .
16,null,null,I did get involved with them to an extent during the last couple of days there , but
17,null,null,I regret that now .
18,null,null,This is a story in itself , but .
19,null,null,I also got involved with a girl there
20,null,null,She fell in love with me , and
21,null,null,so did I fall in love with her , briefly .
22,null,null,Only because a girl had never shown any attraction to me before , nor
23,null,null,did a girl ever show any interest in me like she did .
24,null,null,My feelings for her quickly faded after talking to her a couple of times outside the hospital .
25,null,null,She turned out to be a real mess of a person .
26,null,null,I did not suffer from the relationship , though .
27,null,null,I do not talk to her anymore , and
28,null,null,I actually became a better person because of it
29,null,null,- I was enlightened .
30,null,null,My depression practically disappeared following my discharge from the hospital .
31,null,null,I do not know if it was because of the Zoloft that I had begun taking , or .
32,null,null,because I was finally free from that prison
33,null,null,By the way , I do have a form of claustrophobia .
34,null,null,I am not particularly afraid of being in narrow or tight spaces ..
35,null,null,I am afraid of being locked in narrow or tight spaces .
36,null,null,And the hospital was very small , and
37,null,null,they did not let you leave or go where you wanted .
38,null,null,You were confined to your room , the main recreation room , and the hallway connecting those two places .
39,null,null,The day before I was discharged , I was constantly shaking , .
40,null,null,sweating , and going to the bathroom
41,null,null,I could not sleep , and
42,null,null,I was afraid to move .
43,null,null,I had to stay in my room most of the time and skip out on the group sessions .
44,null,null,So anyway , even though I felt better right after getting out of the hospital , that quickly , VERY quickly changed .
45,null,null,By mid - late October , I was on home - schooling ( and
46,null,null,will be until I graduate in June this year
47,null,null,, I am a Senior in High School ) , and attending group therapy several days a week , as well as seeing a psychologist once a week and a psychiatrist every several weeks .
48,null,null,All of this therapy did NOT help me .
49,null,null,I was feeling extremely depressed and suicidal one night , after a brief fight with my dad
50,null,null,( I accidentally bumped the curb while parking , he yelled at me to watch the curb , and
51,null,null,I got very upset , pulled the parking break , and walked off while screaming about slitting my throat .. ) , and called one of the therapists at my group therapy to help me .
52,null,null,I would locked myself in a room in my grandmother , and
53,null,null,is basement
54,null,null,I had called her so she could talk with me and help me to relax .
55,null,null,Instead , she threatened to call the police if I did not open the door and let my dad in .
56,null,null,So I opened it , but
57,null,null,after that I completely lost my trust in her and could not stand being around her anymore .
58,null,null,Another counselor at the group therapy also lost my trust .
59,null,null,I felt a connection with him , and trusted him a lot , so I told him about my girlfriend ( whom I had met online - another story ) and
60,null,null,he kept on accusing me of things .. like using her for sex , or not really being in love , and etcetera .
61,null,null,So after having lost trust in two therapists , and then all sorts of insurance problems came up .
62,null,null,I stopped going .
63,null,null,A few weeks ago , I stopped going to my psychologist as well .
64,null,null,I felt like I was being lectured by him instead of actually helped ..
65,null,null,On top of that , he was taking weekly co - pay from me while he knew my insurance did not require co - pay for anything psychological !
66,null,null,( i.e. Counselors , . )
67,null,null,psychologists , psychiatrists , etc
68,null,null,And he still owes me a couple hundred bucks .
69,null,null,He also charged my insurance for appointments I had cancelled .
70,null,null,Basically , I took two steps forward , and then three steps back .
71,null,null,My depression is not as bad as it was in September 2004 , but
72,null,null,I am pretty much tired of living .
73,null,null,I am constantly thinking of suicide , and .
74,null,null,have even written brief suicide notes and made plans ( which I never carried out )
75,null,null,My Zoloft has been at 150 mg for the past couple of months .
76,null,null,It is helped my social anxiety slightly , but
77,null,null,my depression - no .
78,null,null,I am aware of the state that I am in , and
79,null,null,I am simply tired of it .
80,null,null,My future is all dark , I do not see things getting better .
81,null,null,When I spoke with my girlfriend this weekend , I cried the entire night ..
82,null,null,I just could not take everything anymore .
83,null,null,I saw a new psychologist last week , but
84,null,null,again , I feel like I am being lectured .
85,null,null,I am eighteen years old , and .
86,null,null,being talked to as if I were twelve
87,null,null,It is insulting and .
88,null,null,makes me feel even more left out of things than I already do
89,null,null,I do not know .
774 25
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,My name is Jessica .
2,null,null,I am 21 years old and
3,null,null,my boyfriend
4,null,null,and I have just broken up after 2 years .
5,null,null,I am not sure where to begin ..
6,null,null,our bickering and fighting started about a year ago and
7,null,null,even though it was always small stupid things we were fighting about
8,null,null,I guess it all built up in the end ..
9,null,null,I know it is probably for the best
10,null,null,but I love him and ..
11,null,null,hate the thought of losing him
12,null,null,he means the world to me ..
13,null,null,I just feel like things will take so long to get back to normal with me , especially because we are living together ..
14,null,null,I am in college hence living in student apartments ..
15,null,null,I do not want him to move out because i do not want to be totally alone here ..
16,null,null,I am going to miss him and his stupid and crazy ways but most of all his company ( when we were not fighting , or when he was over reacting about things ! ! )
17,null,null,I just do not know what to do at the moment .
18,null,null,I am sure
19,null,null,in a few months i will move on
20,null,null,but I will never get over it .
21,null,null,he said he still loves me and that maybe in a few months or years we might get back together because he does not want to spend the rest of his life with anyone else but me , but i just ca nt deal at the moment .
22,null,null,I am beginning to think from reading other messages that i may be really slightly depressed or anxious or something ..
23,null,null,a lot has happened in my life and
24,null,null,he knows it all ..
25,null,null,i just did not know who i can really talk to about such personal issues anymore ..
775 23
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Advice for making it through school
2,null,null,In my second year of college my mental health went down drastically
3,null,null,and I lost all of my motivation and .
4,null,null,basically most of my ability to function
5,null,null,I could not do any schoolwork without panicking and crying because I did not think I could do it .
6,null,null,I was scared of everything .
7,null,null,During finals , my cat died and
8,null,null,I just sorta gave up .
9,null,null,I failed everything and .
10,null,null,took a year off
11,null,null,My family was so disappointed and treated me so differently for the year that I was out .
12,null,null,About a month and a half before the fall semester of 2017 , I got on a new medication and .
13,null,null,decided to felt good enough to go back to school
14,null,null,I knew I had no other option anyway .
15,null,null,I did surprisingly well that semester
16,null,null,but now that break is over , I am finding myself just as terrified as I was that semester I failed .
17,null,null,I do not know what happened
18,null,null,and I do not know how to get back to functioning again .
19,null,null,I can not drop out again .
20,null,null,Why do I feel so low after having such a strong start ?
21,null,null,I really thought things were getting better
22,null,null,but I feel like I am being taken over by this again .
23,null,null,If anyone else has any advice for getting through it and regaining faith in myself I would love to hear it .
776 31
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Dear depression , please please let me be .
2,null,null,I know I can do so much good and actually get somewhere in life
3,null,null,but you are constantly holding me down , suffocating me .
4,null,null,Once I think I have escaped your grip
5,null,null,you show me
6,null,null,you never let go
7,null,null,and I am reminded of how tightly we are woven together .
8,null,null,I can not breathe .
9,null,null,I can not eat .
10,null,null,I can not sleep .
11,null,null,all I want is some peace .
12,null,null,you creep into my bedroom at night when you know I am alone .
13,null,null,you destroy everything inside me until I am just a hollow shell of a small sad girl .
14,null,null,why ?
15,null,null,!
16,null,null,why can not you let me be ?
17,null,null,let me succeed ?
18,null,null,you bring fear , doubt , guilt , all the bad thoughts .
19,null,null,I run and .
20,null,null,fight for the little bit of light
21,null,null,I see through my window in the morning
22,null,null,but every night you are back .
23,null,null,sometimes you do not even leave and
24,null,null,it can be days , weeks ,
25,null,null,months til I get another chance at seeing the light .
26,null,null,This is not living , this is not a life i wish my son is to see in me .
27,null,null,You have taken me from myself .
28,null,null,it is not fair .
29,null,null,I just want to be free of your poison .
30,null,null,I need an escape from the never - ending torment that you bring .
31,null,null,please please , just let me be . : " (
777 12
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,It is my birthday and
2,null,null,I am done being miserable !
3,null,null,I have been very depressed for about 3 years now .
4,null,null,I stayed to myself .
5,null,null,Did not work , did not hang out with friends .
6,null,null,Today is my 26th birthday .
7,null,null,For the past few weeks , I have hammered the idea into my head that my 26th year will be the year that I pull myself out of my hole and get my shit together .
8,null,null,I have a job interview tomorrow morning .
9,null,null,One step at a time !
10,null,null,I am determined !
11,null,null,UPDATE- I am currently sitting on the side of the highway because my car broke down on the way to the interview .
12,null,null,Why do I even try ? !
778 13
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,My twenty year old sister died instantly in a car accident in march of 2005 .
2,null,null,It has been almost a year , and
3,null,null,i have never had a dream about her , until tonight .
4,null,null,In the dream , she goes from one family member to another , asking why we are ignoring her .
5,null,null,She is extremely upset , and .
6,null,null,screaming that she does not understand
7,null,null,She sees me , ; and
8,null,null,starts toward me
9,null,null,then i wake up .
10,null,null,The overall sensation of the dream is that she stayed behind to take care of her fifteen month old daughter , and to give birth to the son she was pregnant with when she died .
11,null,null,The strongest thing i picked up from the dream was the sensation that she does not know she is dead .
12,null,null,Is there any meaning behind this dream ?
13,null,null,Am I losing my mind ?
779 19
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am a 17 year old female from Ontario .
2,null,null,When I was 12 , my mom is boyfriend at the time raped me for six months every time I was there .
3,null,null,When my dad finally got wind of the situation , my mom is
4,null,null,boyfriend was taken to court and .
5,null,null,charged with molestation
6,null,null,I did not attend the trial .
7,null,null,I recently found out that molestation is only " unwanted touching " as my friend told me , and would not have included most of what happened .
8,null,null,I recently asked my mom what was brought up in court , and
9,null,null,it was only 6 counts of molestation , meaning
10,null,null,, they only knew of 6 different times where he had touched me and included nothing of what I went through .
11,null,null,I now suffer from ptsd .
12,null,null,due to it .
13,null,null,I have never spoken to anyone about it before .
14,null,null,I do not know how to deal with the sense of loss
15,null,null,I feel about the situation .
16,null,null,I now cut because of it and .
17,null,null,have terrible nightmares
18,null,null,I avoid being in most relationships because I do not want to tell my lover that I am not a virgin for them because I do not want to talk about what happened because I am afraid that that will ruin our relationship .
19,null,null,I just need some one to talk to ..
780 14
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,When I was 16 I was raped by my boyfriend .
2,null,null,I was a virgin at the time and
3,null,null,it was really hard to accept that this had happened to me .
4,null,null,I thought that somehow if I did not say anything to anyone or raise a fuss about it it was not true .
5,null,null,But it only made it worse .
6,null,null,When I tried to break up with him he tried to kill me .
7,null,null,We worked together and
8,null,null,that made it really difficult to avoid him .
9,null,null,He told all his friends at work that I had " given it up to him " which was not true .
10,null,null,I was mocked and teased by the people that i felt had grown to be my family .
11,null,null,Now , five years later it is still something that hangs tightly in my mind and heart .
12,null,null,It is very hard for me to trust anyone and good relationships .
13,null,null,have been few
14,null,null,I still look over my shoulder thinking he is going to be there again , following me , stalking me , preying on me .
781 83
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Hi , I am new here and .
2,null,null,do not know where to start , where to post or anything
3,null,null,I do not know what can help me , but
4,null,null,I know that I do not like my self , and I am unhappy most of the time .
5,null,null,I am not currently on any medicines ( can not even do that right ) and .
6,null,null,have never really been tested or diagnosed with anything other than depression
7,null,null,I live my life day dreaming of what could be and ..
8,null,null,what should be
9,null,null,I am a 38 year old female and
10,null,null,my problems started when I was born .
11,null,null,I was born to an alcoholic dad whom I loved and a mom who did the best she could whom I love as well .
12,null,null,My whole family was in therapy from about the time I was 4 years old .
13,null,null,Our family therapist / doctor was Dr. Love , I am not kidding that was his real name .
14,null,null,All kinds of things were going on in my family that I was not aware of until I was grown .
15,null,null,One was the fact that my real father was sexually molesting my older half sister ..
16,null,null,I was labeled a " bad child " " out of control child " and ..
17,null,null,was locked in my room for hours at the time which was our doctor told them what to do
18,null,null,I would not cry when I was punished or spanked
19,null,null,and my mom would have to stop my dad from whipping me to keep him from killing me
20,null,null,I suppose .
21,null,null,I was the youngest of 4 children , 1 real sister 1 half sister and one half brother .
22,null,null,Although after I was grown I found out that my real sister was only half too ..
23,null,null,I was very creative in a strange kind of way while I was locked in my room .
24,null,null,I would open my window a scream for help with my tape recorder on , so when I got tired
25,null,null,I could play it back
26,null,null,so maybe someone would come ..
27,null,null,we had big metal blinds in the windows and
28,null,null,for some reason I would raise the blind all the way up and tie the string to my door knob when I would go to sleep at night
29,null,null,so the blind would fall if anyone opened my door ..
30,null,null,Crazy huh ? ?
31,null,null,Any way , when I was about 11 years old I was put in a foster home , you know cause I was a bad child .
32,null,null,Then I went to group homes , back and fourth here and yonder .
33,null,null,Never tested for anything .. never medicated ..
34,null,null,I was back and fourth from home , foster homes , group homes and mental hospital from the age 11 to 16 .
35,null,null,During one of the times I was gone my parents divorced , and
36,null,null,my mom moved to a new house .
37,null,null,I had met a guy during one of my short stays home , and .
38,null,null,thought that he was my world
39,null,null,You know by
40,null,null,then I thought no one loved me , except for him .
41,null,null,He was my world .
42,null,null,My oldest sister told me that if we got married I could not be sent away any more .
43,null,null,She knew how it was being at those places in the 70 is and 80 is ..
44,null,null,I mean if you were not already " mad " you would be ..
45,null,null,So I married the only person in the world that I thought loved me ..
46,null,null,As soon as we were married , I got pregnant .
47,null,null,He cheated on me ,
48,null,null,controlled me
49,null,null,, I could not even go outside without him beating me .
50,null,null,He would come in from his girlfriend
51,null,null,is house and
52,null,null,if I said anything about it , he would go off and throw things and call me every name in the book , take aerosol spray cans and a lighter and throw flames at me until I was in the corner begging and crying for him to stop .
53,null,null,He beat me in my stomach and .
54,null,null,said he hoped I lost the baby
55,null,null,He said if I ever left him he would kill me .
56,null,null,I had to get stitches over my eye where he busted it .
57,null,null,Of course I lied to the doctor .. scared for my life .
58,null,null,All of this went on for a year , when my daughter was born
59,null,null,he was not even there .
60,null,null,His parents had to go get him out of his girlfriends bed ..
61,null,null,I was young and dumb .
62,null,null,I thought that everything would get better now , I mean he was the only one in the world that " loved " me .
63,null,null,Things got worse and .
64,null,null,when my daughter was weeks old he got in one of his moods and was beating on me and his grandma
65,null,null,That is who we lived with .
66,null,null,He went out in the yard and .
67,null,null,took an axe to all the cars and his dad came over to stop him
68,null,null,My husband took the baby out of my arms and ..
69,null,null,held her over his head in the street and threatened to drop her
70,null,null,that is the day I left him .
71,null,null,His father called the police and .
72,null,null,had them come get him
73,null,null,Then he called my mom and .
74,null,null,told her she had better come get me and the baby if she did not want us dead
75,null,null,He said that he had got my husband locked up for now , but that it was his son and that he did have to go get him out .
76,null,null,So my mom came and ..
77,null,null,helped me pack up and leave
78,null,null,That is the first chapter of my life ..
79,null,null,it does not get any better ..
80,null,null,but it does help to tell all on here .
81,null,null,I will tell more later .
82,null,null,I need to go to sleep for a while and pass some time .
83,null,null,Thanks for the chance to just ramble on here .
782 32
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Just graduated university .
2,null,null,Anxious and depressed , can not find a job , scared of losing partner over it
3,null,null,Hi everyone .
4,null,null,This is my first post on Reddit .
5,null,null,I just felt like I needed advice from people who might understand .
6,null,null,I am in my early twenties and .
7,null,null,just graduated with a bachelor degree in psych in October
8,null,null,I never really had a job during that time because I was lucky to have my school and expenses paid for
9,null,null,and I wanted to focus on school .
10,null,null,I have only had one job
11,null,null,but it was 5 years ago just at a fast food place .
12,null,null,My boyfriend of almost 4 years and
13,null,null,I live together .
14,null,null,He has a great job and
15,null,null,pays for 2/3 of our expenses
16,null,null,and I pay the rest .
17,null,null,He is recently told me he does not see a future for us if I do not get my life together and find a job and start putting more into the relationship .
18,null,null,I feel this is coming at a bad time because ever since I graduated I am really anxious and depressed .
19,null,null,I find it hard to even get up in the morning , chores get neglected , I do not even want to get out of the safety of my bed .
20,null,null,The world is bleak and
21,null,null,I am sad all the time .
22,null,null,I can not sleep all night and .
23,null,null,then sleep till mid afternoon
24,null,null,I feel like my life is just staying home and having to do chores and feel sad .
25,null,null,I try to apply to entry level jobs like cashier at the grocery store but
26,null,null,no one calls back .
27,null,null,I do not know what to do because I want to get better and do not want to lose my bf
28,null,null,but I can not even get an interview to work at a high school level job .
29,null,null,He has been really supportive and caring
30,null,null,but I think he is getting to the end of his rope .
31,null,null,I feel stuck and hopeless .
32,null,null,Any suggestions ?
783 14
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Therapy did not work for me at all .
2,null,null,As long as I can remember I have been depressed , and .
3,null,null,have been thinking about killing myself
4,null,null,Last year it got to the point where I decided I needed to try therapy .
5,null,null,I went for a while , but
6,null,null,there was no improvement .
7,null,null,During this period I just got worse and worse until I stopped going .
8,null,null,I wish it would have worked , but
9,null,null,it did not .
10,null,null,I want to try it again , but
11,null,null,since I am unemployed I can not afford it , and even if I could
12,null,null,, I do not think I want to spend money on something that I doubt will help .
13,null,null,I have no idea what to do .
14,null,null,I keep getting worse ..
784 17
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,The only thing I do is hurt people and .
2,null,null,say dumb things when I am mad ( really I am so mad at myself and hate myself so much it seeps out towards others )
3,null,null,I know that makes me a very ugly and hateful person .
4,null,null,I do not know how to deal with this anymore .
5,null,null,This last year has been the worst ( mood problem - wise ) .
6,null,null,I used to have longer periods of relative normalcy in between episodes , but
7,null,null,they seem to be happening more frequently this past year .
8,null,null,It is too much to deal with .
9,null,null,I am getting treatment and , but
10,null,null,seeing a doctor
11,null,null,nothing seems to work that great for me .
12,null,null,My doctor probably thinks I am faking it all at this point .
13,null,null,I do not really think she has experience treating anything but very mild depression or anxiety .
14,null,null,I feel so low right now .
15,null,null,I just do not know or .
16,null,null,care anymore
17,null,null,What do I do ?
785 44
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Awaiting the downward spiral .
2,null,null,Had an awesome weekend with a whole bunch of friends from online who all came together , from all around Australia , for three days of drinking and festivities .
3,null,null,Now I have travelled home
4,null,null,and I am all alone again .
5,null,null,It is great that I have so many fantastic friends Online , but
6,null,null,it is horrible we all live so far away .
7,null,null,I am already missing them terribly , and .
8,null,null,feeling down
9,null,null,I know that I am about to spiral downwards even futher after having gotten drunk for three days .
10,null,null,It is inevitable , but
11,null,null,I am trying to prepare .
12,null,null,I am going to try and draw , spend time with my Service Parrot and submerge myself in my gaming community .
13,null,null,To keep myself as positively distracted as I can .
14,null,null,I am already trapped in an endless loop of thinking about my ex , who I still love and miss so much , and .
15,null,null,beating myself up
16,null,null,Searching for answers and ways how I could of been a better person for him .
17,null,null,He told me he hated me and that I made him feel like a child .
18,null,null,But i never intended for my help to make him feel like that .
19,null,null,I tried to support and encourage him with everything .
20,null,null,Emotionally and .
21,null,null,financially
22,null,null,I pushed myself to work 30+hrs a week when I was anxious and depressed because he became so closed off , so we had a roof over our head and food in our belly when we were made homeless .
23,null,null,I tried to help him with being motivated to work , and to be able to support himself .
24,null,null,I gave him every part of myself , because I loved him so much .
25,null,null,And I keep holding on to things he said , before he forgot what this love really meant to him .
26,null,null,And all the love that I gave to him , that never got into him .
27,null,null,No matter how hard I tried .
28,null,null,I wish he knew I do not hate him for what he said to me and that my suicide attempts were not to make him feel guilty .
29,null,null,I genuinely wanted to end my life .
30,null,null,The thoughts of whatever I had done for him to hate me
31,null,null,weighs so heavy upon me
32,null,null,, that I fear to live with a guilt that was my own .
33,null,null,I failed to be the person he wanted me to be , but worse ; I failed to be the person I needed to be for him .
34,null,null,Now we are 200 km apart and ,
35,null,null,Emotionally , I am struggling to keep my head up .
36,null,null,Financially , I know He is struggling too .
37,null,null,Everyone keeps teling me I should not care about him , but
38,null,null,that just makes me hate myself more , that I do .
39,null,null,I know I am going to spiral further , it is inevitable , but
40,null,null,I am trying to prepare .
41,null,null,* breathes
42,null,null,*
43,null,null,Edits : Grammr
44,null,null,/ Punctuation
786 8
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Can depression impede articulacy ?
2,null,null,Obligatory I have been living with depression ( BP2 ) and anxiety for much of my life as a young adult .
3,null,null,It is been stronger than it ever has the past year and a half , and
4,null,null,I have noticed many things about myself that are not in line with I thought who I once was .
5,null,null,One of the most significant is how I sound to myself and others .
6,null,null,I used to actively attempt to expand my vocabulary as well as possess an ability to articulate my thoughts , but
7,null,null,it seems these days , I am just drawing blanks most of the time .
8,null,null,I feel like an idiot and inferior to others .
787 32
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I have lived with depression since I was little .
2,null,null,I was molested by my uncle and a family friend and my dad
3,null,null,is in and out of prison
4,null,null,all the time ( I am guessing that is where it all started from ) .
5,null,null,Well , when I hit my freshman year in high school , I had no friends because I was so shy .
6,null,null,I walked the halls alone
7,null,null,, went to lunch alone , sat in the back of the classroom alone .
8,null,null,I sat back there fantasizing about suicide and death , and
9,null,null,I would cut myself , and I actually planned my suicide .
10,null,null,By this point I was so far " out of my mind " that I could not take it anymore , so
11,null,null,I went to my mom .
12,null,null,I was diagnosed with severe depression , and
13,null,null,I have been in counseling on and off ever since .
14,null,null,I am now 18 years old , and
15,null,null,I have made friends since , and i even got a boyfriend .
16,null,null,Well .
17,null,null,I have not seen my counselor for a while now , and
18,null,null,in the past few months I feel like my depression is worse than it has ever been .
19,null,null,So many things have been happening to me , that I just can not take it anymore .
20,null,null,I lost the friends that I had , and
21,null,null,I do not even know why exactly .
22,null,null,My boyfriend just broke up with me , after we had been together for two years .
23,null,null,I have started to cut myself again .
24,null,null,i want to be dead .
25,null,null,I know I should go to see my counselor , and
26,null,null,i tried to make an appointment , but i feel it is too late .
27,null,null,i feel like I am on the edge of a huge cliff , and .
28,null,null,if I get pushed just a little more , I am done
29,null,null,i do not know what to do
30,null,null,, I just ca nt take it anymore !
31,null,null,If someone could please just give me some advice I would greatly appreciate it .
32,null,null,Thank you , Misty
788 17
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,My mom mocks my depression to her friends
2,null,null,My mom does not believe I am depressed even though all the psychologists I have been to so far tell her I am - and i KNOW myself that feeling like I want to kill myself all the time is not a healthy mindset .
3,null,null,I have tried to off myself a few times to no avail ( without her knowing ) and .
4,null,null,narrowly escaped inpatient
5,null,null,She calls me lazy and ungrateful , complains about how I do not do anything productive and sit around all day , I do not eat much if anything .
6,null,null,She treats me so awfully
7,null,null,and if I retaliate in the same way all of a sudden I am the bad person .
8,null,null,And here is the worst of it
9,null,null,: I heard her talking about me to her friend , laughing and mocking me , saying stuff like ' oh everything is always wrong for her , poor girl !
10,null,null,she says she s depressed
11,null,null,but i know she is making it up for attention
12,null,null,so she does nt have to do work around the house like the lazy bitch she is '
13,null,null,It crushes me even further and
14,null,null,at this point I do not know what to do .
15,null,null,I want to kill myself
16,null,null,but I have so many goals and aspirations for the future .
17,null,null,I am stuck in this position between so badly wanting to live and so badly wanting to die .
789 21
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am very new to this forum
2,null,null,so if I mess up on some of this edit stuff , I am sorry .
3,null,null,I am 29 years old
4,null,null,, I have 4 children that which includes 9 year old twins .
5,null,null,I had my last child in 2002 .
6,null,null,I have had depression ever since .
7,null,null,It never went away .
8,null,null,I also got married .
9,null,null,My life changed completely .
10,null,null,People do not even know who I am anymore .
11,null,null,The bad thing is I do not even know who I am anymore .
12,null,null,I feel like I am living for everyone else .
13,null,null,I ask for nothing and .
14,null,null,expect nothing
15,null,null,I used to set such high standards for myself , I have a diploma and a 2 - year college degree .
16,null,null,It means nothing to me now .
17,null,null,I have not been able to work in 4 years
18,null,null,and I am a person who went to work at 16 .
19,null,null,MY body is so weak now
20,null,null,I take all this medicine and still no sleep .
21,null,null,any thoughts will be helpful .
790 48
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I feel like a useless member of my family I may not help as much as the perfect husband would around the house .
2,null,null,But , I would like to think I do a decent share of what traditionally a husband should be doing .
3,null,null,My wife is not the most organized person in the world
4,null,null,so me and her butt heads a lot when it come to finding things around the house .
5,null,null,Car keys ,
6,null,null,laundry , tools ,
7,null,null,you name it , they will get lost around the house .
8,null,null,I have tried taking my own copies of keys with me in my backpack to work or where ever I go .
9,null,null,This way I do not have to be asking her all the time where to find X item .
10,null,null,This was working til she lost her copy of the truck keys and had to call me to bring my copy to her one day .
11,null,null,Since then , I only bring the key of the car that I bring with me .
12,null,null,Well , .. did not take too long til that one got lost too ..
13,null,null,I needed to use the truck and .
14,null,null,was not able to find any key anywhere
15,null,null,I asked her where it was
16,null,null,and she responded with
17,null,null,you have hands and eyes
18,null,null,, you find it .
19,null,null,I blew my top off .
20,null,null,I yelled at her that the fact that I have to hide things for them to not get lost in the house is ridiculous !
21,null,null,She brought up the fact that I could do more around the house like organize the laundry or help her keep the home tidy .
22,null,null,I told her I would if she was not so damn unorganized .
23,null,null,Every time i do end up helping her organize and clean
24,null,null,she ends up messing everything up the next day anyway !
25,null,null,She is type A personality
26,null,null,and I would like to think I am type
27,null,null,A- .
28,null,null,I yield to her way of living most of the time til it gets to be too much .
29,null,null,Maybe the reason I do not do more around the house is because it will yield the same results anyway , an unorganized mess ..
30,null,null,I at least do the basics .
31,null,null,I pickup after dinner .
32,null,null,I take out the trash , ( this job now goes to my son ) .
33,null,null,Handyman work
34,null,null,, I fix plumbing , appliances , broken doors , tv is , computers , iPhones .
35,null,null,I would like to think that I play my role as a dad as perfect as I can .
36,null,null,I help with homework , I play with my kids all the time .
37,null,null,I feed them when mom works early or wants to sleep in / go to bed early .
38,null,null,She is mad at me
39,null,null,and I feel like I am trying my best
40,null,null,but my best is not good enough .
41,null,null,Also , says I have become obese because of my laziness ..
42,null,null,that one really hurt ..
43,null,null,I try to walk /
44,null,null,jog a good 30 - 40 minutes 2 - 3 times a week if I have time .
45,null,null,I broke down in my car today after seeing some old photos of my kids when they were babies ..
46,null,null,Sorry for formatting , I am on mobile and writing .
47,null,null,is not my thing
48,null,null,I am more of a numbers guy ..
791 9
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,One of the biggest things i am struggling with ( besides my depression duh ) is finding a good therapist .
2,null,null,I moved about 6 months ago , and
3,null,null,I have not had luck finding a therapist I can work well that with .
4,null,null,I know that I need help with cognitive therapy , and
5,null,null,i have gone to a couple therapists who have cognitive listed as a specialty , but when I get into therapy with them , its all talk therapy with little to no help to me .
6,null,null,Do not get me wrong , talking does help , but
7,null,null,I know from my years of dealing with this illness that I need some good solid cognitive therapy to help me to overcome my lack of self n worth /
8,null,null,self n esteem / confidence .
9,null,null,Also , has anyone had any luck with alternative therapies ?
792 53
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I have had quite a few life situations that have probably contributed to depression.1 .
2,null,null,I grew up in an emotionally / sexually abusive family ..
3,null,null,but the type of abuse that is just over the line enough to mess with your head , to make you wonder if it was really abusive or if you were just sensitive .
4,null,null,I still talk to them and , but
5,null,null,see them at times
6,null,null,vast quantities of things go unsaid .
7,null,null,2 .
8,null,null,I left home for college , and almost immediately was recruited into a religious cult where I stayed for 14 or so years ; I just got out a couple of years ago .
9,null,null,3 .
10,null,null,I had my first major depressive episode while inside
11,null,null,and although I found a supportive therapist , she too was in the cult and
12,null,null,therefore some of her advice at times was influenced by their beliefs .
13,null,null,Also I was alternately shunned and , .
14,null,null,ostracized
15,null,null,rebuked harshly , or encouraged to give up medicines / therapy by various members in various levels of leadership in the cult
16,null,null,4 .
17,null,null,I very recently switched jobs to a much better job situation , but .
18,null,null,am still adjusting the environment
19,null,null,5 .
20,null,null,We are in contract to purchase a home , which is great , but also an adjustment .
21,null,null,The Question .
22,null,null,My psychiatrist thinks I have been depressed for most of my life .
23,null,null,Which makes sense when I look back over my journals and look at various things I did .
24,null,null,, said or experience
25,null,null,Thing is , to me , depression as a state of mind became normal .
26,null,null,I did not know anything different than how I was feeling .
27,null,null,So what happens is this : I mention something I have been experiencing to my therapist .
28,null,null,She is concerned and .
29,null,null,asks if I have brought it up to my psychiatrist
30,null,null,When I do bring it up to my psychiatrist , he says , " Why did not you mention this before ? "
31,null,null,To which my response is : I did not know I should .
32,null,null,Translation :
33,null,null,I thought it was normal .
34,null,null,Right now I am on Effexor , with Adderall XR as a booster plus synthroid due to a nasty run in with lithium .
35,null,null,When I started I was okay .
36,null,null,Great even , minus the utter exhaustion at the end of every day .
37,null,null,Lately though I have been feeling ..
38,null,null,things .. that I can not describe .
39,null,null,Sadness ..
40,null,null,but a feeling bigger and diverse than the word " sadness " can contain .
41,null,null,Tired ..
42,null,null,but a " tired " with an emotional component .
43,null,null,Feelings I do not have words for , but
44,null,null,that pierce me to the bone .
45,null,null,And that are not connected with anything in real time that I can think of .
46,null,null,Is this normal ?
47,null,null,Deep strong feelings that surface out of nowhere for a time and then dissipate .. usually on the weekends when I do not have work to focus on ?
48,null,null,Not feeling much of anything in between those times ?
49,null,null,Being vibrant and full of ideas yet calm and productive first thing after I take the medicines , but
50,null,null,gradually fading to sort of numb , definitely tired , somewhat negative by the afternoon with exhausted , sink into the couch with the remote , hit the bed for a nap by 7:30 , sometimes 6 pm ?
51,null,null,How do you know what is " normal "
52,null,null,if abnormal has been normal for you for so long ?
53,null,null,How do you know when it is time to have a sit down with the psychiatrist again ?
793 30
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am a 26 year old married mother of three boys .
2,null,null,I was recently diagnosed as having depression .
3,null,null,I have noticed it getting a lot worse in just the past week .
4,null,null,At first I thought to myself
5,null,null,I do not have anything to be depressed about
6,null,null,but the more I thought about it
7,null,null,the more I realized what it was .
8,null,null,Me and my husband used to spend time with our kids and go out and do things on Fridays or the weekends .
9,null,null,I can not remember the last time we just went to Walmart as a family for no reason other than to go .
10,null,null,My husband does not understand what the effect of him not spending that time with me and us has had on me .
11,null,null,Just like tonight instead of asking me and the boys to run to town with him , his friend went .
12,null,null,I do not care if he is only going for an hour that is an hour we could have his time .
13,null,null,I cry all the time when he is not here just because I miss my husband .
14,null,null,I am 26
15,null,null,we should have a healthy active life with our kids
16,null,null,but instead I work and , and
17,null,null,come home
18,null,null,on my days off I sit at home with my kids .
19,null,null,When he is off he stays at home .
20,null,null,He works and
21,null,null,then him and his friend if they get off
22,null,null,early go places in town
23,null,null,and then he comes home .
24,null,null,I do not get to do that .
25,null,null,I can not remember the last time I just went window shopping , just running around .
26,null,null,My thoughts about not being around have gotten worse and .
27,null,null,that terrifies me
28,null,null,How can I get my husband to understand that him spending time with me would help this so much .
29,null,null,He just thinks it is a joke
30,null,null,and that is one reason I think he would not miss me if I am gone except he would have to find another maid .
794 5
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,DAE not tell anyone about their depression for fear of being called an attention whore ?
2,null,null,When I was a kid I was constantly getting called an attention seeker or an attention whore , mostly by the wonderful folks on r / teenagers , and
3,null,null,know I am not honest to anyone about my depression because I am afraid I will come of as an attention whore
4,null,null,and I do not deserve to get help .
5,null,null,DAE relate ?
795 16
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Am I depressed ?
2,null,null,Or is this just my personality ?
3,null,null,The littlest things get to me .
4,null,null,A small criticism here , .
5,null,null,a misread facial cue there
6,null,null,Most likely I am reading too much into things but idk how to change my way of thinking .
7,null,null,I dwell on them .
8,null,null,I can not let them go .
9,null,null,I can sulk for weeks on what a regular person would forget in an hour .
10,null,null,Does this sound like depression ?
11,null,null,Or has my confidence been so damaged that this is just how I percieve the world now ?
12,null,null,Because of these percieved inadequacies , my thoughts have begun to worry me .
13,null,null,I do not want to hurt myself
14,null,null,but I feel like I am teetering on the precipice of having one bad enough day to push me over the edge .
15,null,null,Therapy scares me as it puts a giant " DAMAGED " stamp on your forehead but at the same time , I can not do this on my own anymore .
16,null,null,I am not really looking for a fix , I just want to know I am not alone .
796 24
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I was rejected & amp ; I feel great
2,null,null,Last night I asked a close friend of mine on a date and , but .
3,null,null,was rejected
4,null,null,strangely enough I do not feel dejected but rather proud and accomplished
5,null,null,To provide some background , I will be turning 20 on the 15th , and
6,null,null,last year , just 4 days after my 19th birthday , I was diagnosed with Persistent Depressive Disorder .
7,null,null,This disorder is characterized by long lasting , essentially uninterrupted periods of depression lasting AT LEAST 2 years , and
8,null,null,in many cases , such as with myself , far longer .
9,null,null,To provide a rough estimate , I have been depressed somewhere around a total of 13 years of my life .
10,null,null,The depression has had a serious negative affect on my love life , at times making me cold and even cruel .
11,null,null,The most egregious example of this was when , after having dated this girl for a few months , I stopped talking to her almost entirely and started flirting with other girls .
12,null,null,Eventually she had to get her friend to break up with me on her behalf because I was refusing to talk to her .
13,null,null,At the time , because of the depression , I thought little of myself , seeing myself as a worthless scumbag , and
14,null,null,so I started acting like one .
15,null,null,I was also afraid to open up to some else ,
16,null,null,so instead I became emotionally cold and avoidant .
17,null,null,I hated this behavior in myself , and
18,null,null,held a deep guilt for how I had treated women I had been with , so about 5 years ago
19,null,null,I stopped dating entirely .
20,null,null,Despite being rejected , having finally had the confidence and self respect to ask out a woman and accept the no graciously is a major growth in my self esteem and wellbeing , so having done
21,null,null,so I feel a great sense of accomplishment .
22,null,null,This has really helped boost my self esteem and confidence , even though I was rejected .
23,null,null,There is no real point to this story , but
24,null,null,I just wanted to get this out there , because I am really proud of the progress I have made so far .
797 15
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I have been on antidepressants for probably 10 years now .
2,null,null,I was on Serzone which worked very well .
3,null,null,My husband and I decided to get pregnant
4,null,null,so I had to stop it .
5,null,null,I have now been on Zoloft , Effexor and Celexa .
6,null,null,I am currently taking 40 mg Celexa ( generic ) and 75 mg Effexor .
7,null,null,What I am wondering is-
8,null,null,are hot flashes normal with antidepressants ?
9,null,null,I do not remember having them on Serzone
10,null,null,but I have had them since I started Zoloft .
11,null,null,I am not sure if this is from the medications or pregnancy and nursing ?
12,null,null,Anyone have experience with this-
13,null,null,either medications or ?
14,null,null,pregnancy and breastfeeding
15,null,null,I am 26 by the way
798 29
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am 18 years old .
2,null,null,I moved out of my house in with my boyfriend when I was 17 .
3,null,null,We had known each other for a year and .
4,null,null,then started going out
5,null,null,We bought a place and .
6,null,null,moved in together two weeks after going out
7,null,null,We both just wanted to get out of our houses .
8,null,null,Well 2 months later we found out that i was pregnant with our son cameron .
9,null,null,We then had him on christmas day of 2005 .
10,null,null,I love my son and
11,null,null,i love my fiance , but only being 18
12,null,null,i feel trapped .
13,null,null,My fiance who will be 21 in april also has md ( muscular dystrophy ) .
14,null,null,I have to help take care of him , the house , our 2 month old son , and i work .
15,null,null,Only being 18
16,null,null,i feel so overwhelmed .
17,null,null,My fiance and i have had a lot of problems .
18,null,null,I do not feel like he appreciates me .
19,null,null,When we are alone and
20,null,null,the baby is over at a grandparent
21,null,null,is house
22,null,null,all we do is sit at home watching tv .
23,null,null,He just does not understand that i need to get out and do stuff .
24,null,null,We fight constantly about the same thing .
25,null,null,I need romance , I need to feel appreciated , I need to feel that something is about me , and
26,null,null,I need the feeling of being loved .
27,null,null,I know my fiance loves me
28,null,null,and i love him
29,null,null,but how do i get him to understand that i need a life outside of being a fiance and a mother ?
799 34
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Hi all , I am new - just joined yesterday .
2,null,null,I am a 40-year - old wife and mother of five .
3,null,null,I have struggled with depression
4,null,null,my whole life - came from an abusive household and .
5,null,null,inherited some mixed - up genes
6,null,null,I was misdiagnosed last year with bi - polar II and .
7,null,null,spent a year on mood stabilizers and various other junk
8,null,null,that made me a zombie
9,null,null,I am now on Effexor and .
10,null,null,just beginning to feel sort of like myself again
11,null,null,I am a freelance writer and
12,null,null,I have a weekly column in our local newspaper .
13,null,null,I feel like my creativity has gone to pot
14,null,null,and I am waiting for it to come back .
15,null,null,Over the last 18 months I have become pretty reclusive
16,null,null,- do not answer the phone
17,null,null,, do not get out much , just take care of the basic family
18,null,null,needs each day -
19,null,null,so I have felt very alone .
20,null,null,I stumbled upon this site while doing research on Effexor .
21,null,null,I have read a lot of the posts and .
22,null,null,have felt some hope that this might be helpful to me right now
23,null,null,My husband is worn out , as am I.
24,null,null,I just want to be better .
25,null,null,I want to be a better mother .
26,null,null,I do not want to live my life this way .
27,null,null,I have felt like half a person for the last 18 months .
28,null,null,I want to be whole again .
29,null,null,I am really struggling with self - esteem and guilt -
30,null,null,I worry about what all of this is doing to my family .
31,null,null,I hope and .
32,null,null,pray that my children are strong enough to go through this with me
33,null,null,Anyway , that is me , in a nutshell .
34,null,null,I am glad I found this place .
800 8
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I was born with mom who has mild autism and in general i have hard times .
2,null,null,Since i am her only daughter , i am trying to help her but ?
3,null,null,do not know how
4,null,null,Can somebody suggest me on how can i help my mom to overcome the tantrums ?
5,null,null,She is a nice mother , she with my dad is help had raised me very well .
6,null,null,Since she had did her best to raise me well , i want to do something for her
7,null,null,and i want her to be able to socialize more and be outgoing person more .
8,null,null,So please i am asking for help .
801 8
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am afraid to be alone .
2,null,null,People are a distraction but
3,null,null,once they are all gone I can not help but get anxious of the idea that I am here in my room by myself with my thoughts and there is no one out there that I want to give me some closure .
4,null,null,There is no one out there that I want because the conversations with them feel so meaningless and unhelpful .
5,null,null,I feel aware of my mind and
6,null,null,feel like this whole world is a distraction of some dark shit that is happening behind it all
7,null,null,and it freaks me out
8,null,null,and I do not know what do , I am afraid .
802 10
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I believe much depression is about a lack of hope
2,null,null,' I do not want to die , I just want to stop existing ' Sound familiar ?
3,null,null,People just want to end the tedium , the suffering of being conscious .
4,null,null,But most people would be depressed if not for a goal .
5,null,null,I think most people would rather not exist than exist if solely to pick cotton in the sun or mine in poor conditions .
6,null,null,But people who are not depressed do these things because there is a goal , a reward afterwards .
7,null,null,There is a reason to be alive
8,null,null,When ' what s the point ? '
9,null,null,is part of your mental vernacular and
10,null,null,nothing brings a smidge of happiness anymore that driving force disappears and all it leaves is a depression
803 10
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,i am 29 and a mother of three children .
2,null,null,ages 11 , 6 , and 2
3,null,null,i have been severely depressed for like my whole life even when i was in kindergarten
4,null,null,i was different
5,null,null,i cried all day every day .
6,null,null,i have been through so many what i consider to be stages in my depression from like 14 - 17
7,null,null,i suffered from eating disorders and
8,null,null,i was a cutter as well
9,null,null,then i started having these horrible panic attacks i have spent the good part of the last 10 years dealing with that i have tried many different medication prozac , paxil , buspar and have been on zoloft 50 mg for 2 months it has helped a little but not much i am still horrified to leave my home , scared to be alone , needless to say i have no social life .
10,null,null,i just wonder if there really is any hope out there and would love someone to talk to that knows where i am coming from
804 28
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,How to deal with people who can not seem to be bothered with you ?
2,null,null,Question is fairly self - explanatory .
3,null,null,I ask this because recently ( within the past 6 or so months ) , my supposed ' friends ' have started to become quite distant with me and it is making me feel like total crap .
4,null,null,They rarely ever contact me despite me having reached out a couple of times .
5,null,null,It is all very fragmented .
6,null,null,What hurts the most is
7,null,null,I see them interacting with their other friends ( on facebook etc . )
8,null,null,and also that they have been online recently but .
9,null,null,still have not answered my messages
10,null,null,My friends used to be great , they used to consider me their closest friend and .
11,null,null,would reply quickly etc
12,null,null,But now I feel like I have been replaced
13,null,null,and I have nobody left .
14,null,null,Even back when I would hang out with them , they would be on their phone talking to these other friends of theirs
15,null,null,and I feel so hurt .
16,null,null,Being alone sucks .
17,null,null,No matter what , I can never seem to make friends with anyone new .
18,null,null,The majority of other people my age are living it up , but
19,null,null,I can not seem to do anything with anyone apart from my family .
20,null,null,I feel like I am missing out on something .
21,null,null,I feel so unwanted to the point I have started deleting all my social media to isolate myself even more .
22,null,null,It is beginning to eat away at me
23,null,null,and my depression is coming back , as much as I hate to admit it .
24,null,null,I do not know whether to take this opportunity to improve myself and pursue my own hobbies and basically just do things on my own , or attempt to reconnect with my friends .
25,null,null,/ actively seek out people who will appreciate me
26,null,null,ANyone have any advice to get me out of this rut and to feel less shit about wasting my youth ?
27,null,null,Words of wisdom ?
28,null,null,Previous similar experiences etc ?
805 8
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I do not want to get out of depression
2,null,null,I have had it for so long
3,null,null,I just can not get out amymore ..
4,null,null,I feel like I do not deserve to get out because of all the stupid stuff I have made ..
5,null,null,I am starting to not take my pills and trying to socialize less ..
6,null,null,I will only get out of depression when I know I deserve it ..
7,null,null,when my life has no problems
8,null,null,and then I will know that there is no problems on my life ..
806 23
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,how do you make friends ?
2,null,null,i have aspergers so
3,null,null,by default I am socially autistic ..
4,null,null,but .. theres 2 others at work with aspergers
5,null,null,and they seem to do just fine .
6,null,null,as far as I can tell from overhearing my co - workers ..
7,null,null,EVERYONE has hung out with others from work ..
8,null,null,not a single person wants to hang out with me .
9,null,null,i am not THAT ugly ..
10,null,null,how do people do it ?
11,null,null,every year since high school ( a decade ago ) on my birthday cake candles .. I will wish for a friend ..
12,null,null,but nobody ever wants to be more than just an acquaintance , or to hit me up if they need something I can do for them .
13,null,null,I am coming to the end of my rope ..
14,null,null,I have always tried to keep a happy persona about me because I know nobody wants to hang out with someone who is 24/7 sad and mopey ..
15,null,null,I try to be funny ..
16,null,null,but I just do not understand what I do wrong ..
17,null,null,I am a hardcore gamer and
18,null,null,the other gamers do not even want anything to do with me yea ..
19,null,null,theres nothing going to come of this ..
20,null,null,i know ..
21,null,null,and there s more variables than can be explained ..
22,null,null,I do not want to off myself
23,null,null,but I keep thinking about it
807 13
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,i need to examine my schedule
2,null,null,so i start getting more than three hours of sleep a night .
3,null,null,This will not work when school comes around .
4,null,null,Next week already .
5,null,null,one class , four days a week , five weeks , then I am done forever .
6,null,null,Bloody finally .
7,null,null,Goals at hand : get rid of things i do not need / want , save money , clean the car out and wash him , talk to landlord about subleasing , investigate work opportunities , drag the cat tree upstairs , clean apartment .
8,null,null,need to start getting rid of things in Wisconsin too .
9,null,null,Hoping to make a few weekend trips
10,null,null,so i can load up the car and .
11,null,null,bring stuff back here and take my time going through everything
12,null,null,i feel rushed .
13,null,null,Bed now with a book for a few pages .
808 17
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am so lonely that I sometimes just want to talk to the dead .
2,null,null,I need advice because I am quite worried .
3,null,null,I have a great family and a best friend
4,null,null,and I am super glad to have these people in my life .
5,null,null,But , there is just one thing .
6,null,null,I have this very lonely feeling
7,null,null,and I sometimes just wish that I had a ( good ) spirit around me who I could talk to and share my insecurities .
8,null,null,I am able to talk to the dead
9,null,null,and I have seen many spirits before .
10,null,null,I have not seen one in a long time and
11,null,null,I am just way too scared to summon one or anything .
12,null,null,( This is also incredibly dumb )
13,null,null,I am not looking for a new ( real ) friend .
14,null,null,Just someone who will not judge me .
15,null,null,Is this weird ?
16,null,null,What do i do ?
17,null,null,Thanks .
809 23
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I do not know what is wrong with me .
2,null,null,I have always had depression , and .
3,null,null,in the past thought of suicide
4,null,null,I got over the suicide idea mostly , but
5,null,null,now I am worried i might have something severe .
6,null,null,My dad brought up Multiple sclerosis , and
7,null,null,it is worried me ever since .
8,null,null,i have a few symptoms of ms , such as fatigue , cognitive problems , and muscle twitches .
9,null,null,all the other symptoms
10,null,null,i do not really have , and
11,null,null,fatigue and cognitive problems can be from depression
12,null,null,i believe .
13,null,null,well , anyways , i keep getting worried about it , and
14,null,null,i started getting scared ( anxiety ? )
15,null,null,and i ca nt sleep .
16,null,null,then right when i just start sleeping , my legs or arms twitch , waking me up abruptly .
17,null,null,i would go see a doctor , but
18,null,null,i have no medical coverage , and no job .
19,null,null,could this ms idea just be mental , turning into a physical problem with my limbs moving right when i start falling asleep ?
20,null,null,i do know , when i start falling asleep , i start dreaming
21,null,null,then i suddenly move the limb i move in the dream .
22,null,null,but also , i do not need to be almost asleep and
23,null,null,my arm or leg will move slightly .
810 8
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Movies to fill the hole inside of you Movies
2,null,null,I watched because I felt empty inside
3,null,null,but afterwards I felt even worse
4,null,null,like I just lost someone
5,null,null,Mr Nobody ( especially this one ) Lost in translation
6,null,null,I origins Sorry
7,null,null,, I do nt have too many ,
8,null,null,I m mostly looking for movies to watch , maybe you have some to recommend
811 8
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Anyone else get more depressed than usual on your birthday ?
2,null,null,Today is my birthday
3,null,null,and I hate it .
4,null,null,For the last 5 years or so I have been especially depressed on my birthday .
5,null,null,Guess it just reminds me that I was born .
6,null,null,EDIT :
7,null,null,Please do not say happy birthday , it makes it worse .
8,null,null,Thanks .
812 52
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Hi .
2,null,null,I am new , and
3,null,null,I am not really sure where to start in the forums !
4,null,null,I have been treated for depression since I was 17 years old , and .
5,null,null,then misdiagnosed with ADD when I was 17 and that started a downward spiral with abusing Ritalin ( snorting about 5 - 10 times my dosage ) for about 5 years
6,null,null,That is over with .
7,null,null,I battled with anorexia as a direct result of the Ritalin , and .
8,null,null,got down to 95 lbs
9,null,null,Then I ballooned up to 185 lbs .
10,null,null,I lost 45 lbs .
11,null,null,a few years ago
12,null,null,and I have kept it off ever since ( I have never gone above 144 ) .
13,null,null,I have been on Prozac since I was 17 , and just recently switched to Cymbalta at the suggestion of my psychiatrist .
14,null,null,I felt funny on it , and committed the ultimate sin : I stopped taking my medicines a week ago .
15,null,null,I know that is bad .
16,null,null,The last two days have been a nightmare , and
17,null,null,I even contemplated swallowing a bottle of pills at one point .
18,null,null,My fiance is the most amazing person in the world , and
19,null,null,I am literally killing him with my sickness .
20,null,null,I do not know what to do .
21,null,null,I have been hysterically crying and .
22,null,null,inconsolable for about a week
23,null,null,Yesterday my fiance called the psychiatrist on - call with our medical program , and
24,null,null,she said I needed to take the Cymbalta , so I did take one pill yesterday and again this morning .
25,null,null,I do feel weird , though .
26,null,null,At the center of it all is my weight gain ; I gained about 10ish pounds ( I weigh 140 at the moment ) , and NONE of my clothes fit me .
27,null,null,I feel like a disgusting fat blob all of the time .
28,null,null,Just one look in the mirror sets me off and
29,null,null,I am HYSTERICAL for the rest of the day .
30,null,null,All I want to do is sleep .
31,null,null,SLEEP and .
32,null,null,never wake up
33,null,null,I have had an eating disorder in the past , and
34,null,null,I know I can not fall back into it
35,null,null,( the anorexia was a direct result of the Ritalin ) , but
36,null,null,I am just hysterical , depressed , and I feel disgusting all day long .
37,null,null,My clothes do not fit and
38,null,null,I feel fat and disgusting and horrible and I want to cry and rip out my hair .
39,null,null,I am thinking this weight has a LOT to do with my recent downward turn in my depression , but
40,null,null,I just can not lose the weight .
41,null,null,I work out constantly and , and
42,null,null,follow a really healthy / strict eating plan
43,null,null,nothing is working .
44,null,null,I am just reaching the end of my rope , here .
45,null,null,And to top it all off : I am getting married next month .
46,null,null,I need help ..
47,null,null,I have called my psychiatrist , but
48,null,null,I do not know what to do .
49,null,null,I do not see a psychologist ; I think I need to , but
50,null,null,I have had bad experiences in the past .
51,null,null,I think I just need help and guidance and a way to lose this weight and feel good about myself .
52,null,null,Hoping this forum will help .
813 8
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am not exactly sure what the topic is ( kind of vague ) , but
2,null,null,for me : Depression started around the age of 11 ( I am almost 23 now ) , one summer I was sitting in my room , laying on my bed , listening to music , and gazing out the window , and it kind of hit me like a ton of bricks .
3,null,null,I just felt like I did not even exist .
4,null,null,Like the world outside my window did not exist .
5,null,null,Like the sun would never shine again .
6,null,null,Like life itself was pointless .
7,null,null,I tried to talk to my mom about it , but she obviously did not understand what I was saying to her , she told me I needed to do more work around the house to keep myself busy ..
8,null,null,look at me now ..
814 20
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am brand - new here at these forums .
2,null,null,I have come to you all to seek guidance / wisdom from any of you who has suffered or is currently suffering from depression .
3,null,null,Within the past 3 years I have struggled on and off with this disease .
4,null,null,For the most part I have had it under control , until relatively recently .
5,null,null,About four months ago I was drastically descending
6,null,null,downwards mental health wise .
7,null,null,The result of this declination helped obstruct all aspects of my social life , causing an abrupt , painful end to many friendships I endeared .
8,null,null,Also my negative behavior started to poison .
9,null,null,The equilibrium that my family and I shared .
10,null,null,The result of all this lead not only to my choice of isolation , but even if I chose not to isolate myself , I still had damaged relationships so much , that any attempts to make amends , and or repair former friendships , were futile .
11,null,null,I basically pushed and .
12,null,null,alienated myself from everything I held dearest
13,null,null,Anyways , one day I just snapped ; my ability to process information , perform simple math equations , .
14,null,null,remember things I had JUST thought of seconds before , concentrate , quick wit , and confident decision making had all been impaired immensely
15,null,null,Previously , before all of this , I was an " A " Honor Role student and , but
16,null,null,had no difficulty functioning efficiently in my " AP " classes
17,null,null,now I can barely sustain a low " B " average .
18,null,null,Has anyone experienced this lack of cognition ?
19,null,null,If so , do you know if it will go away ?
20,null,null,Its driving me insane !
815 9
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Feelings of isolation , even among friends
2,null,null,How do you deal with the feeling that you do not belong anywhere ?
3,null,null,That no one ever understands you ?
4,null,null,I always feel this way around everyone and every group I am in .
5,null,null,Family gatherings , .
6,null,null,movies , friend parties , etc
7,null,null,It can not possibly be true that no one understands me , so
8,null,null,I must be actively trying to sabotaging myself by distinguishing every aspect of myself apart from everyone in every instance .
9,null,null,It makes me feel so alone , what do you guys think ?
816 12
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Feeling alone , just wanna run away from everything .
2,null,null,Hello to the community , I feel like I am lost and alone that no one can help me .
3,null,null,It started when I was around 15
4,null,null,and now I am 20 .
5,null,null,I can not sleep at the night , my head is so full of think everything and nothing at the same time .
6,null,null,I just wanna run away from everything from everybody .
7,null,null,I do not have Plans for my future job , I am studying at a college and .
8,null,null,do not even know what to do after that
9,null,null,I just want everything to end ..
10,null,null,I also have moments of stress where I just feel like I am passing out
11,null,null,and the doctor do not find anything .
12,null,null,What am I supposed to do ?
817 31
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Sad all the time and
2,null,null,abusing many drugs to try n stay
3,null,null,alive Hi
4,null,null,, I have had depression n anxiety for a few years now , had ups n downs but mainly downs , it is got to the point where I use weed , md , xans , ket n alcohol to fill up the holes .
5,null,null,I honestly would not be alive without the drugs pulling me through , I have even started using my prescription pregabalin ( lyrica ) to get a buzz too ( taking enough to get high )
6,null,null,I barely talk about my feelings
7,null,null,I feel so isolated from my friends and
8,null,null,the mask is slipping
9,null,null,, i want it to slip in a way
10,null,null,so they see the real me .
11,null,null,I have been trying to open up more
12,null,null,but it is so fucking hard to do that
13,null,null,, I have got to the point where I do not care , do not care about my life or feelings
14,null,null,I do not care how I die
15,null,null,, I do not care how long it takes I do not care
16,null,null,what method , hanging , OD , drowning , train , fire
17,null,null,it does not bother me .
18,null,null,I do not want to be me anymore
19,null,null,I do not want my life
20,null,null,, I know that life is shit and throws stuff at you
21,null,null,but I can not handle it
22,null,null,, my anxiety is so bad I do not open the front door or answer phone calls even if it is my friend .
23,null,null,Myself and my mental illnesses have put me in a deep hole and
24,null,null,I can not get out by myself
25,null,null,, the thing is it is not just me
26,null,null,I have many mental health professionals helping me
27,null,null,but the thing is I have got used to keeping the mask on , white lies
28,null,null,, they do not know the full extent of my problems .
29,null,null,I really do not know what to do I am lost and reaching the end of my patience , I am thinking of doing it
30,null,null,I have methods but ..
31,null,null,just need something to instigate it
818 9
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Anyone ever wish they were good at something ?
2,null,null,Something .
3,null,null,Anything .
4,null,null,Be it something innocuous or something that can get you a kickass job .
5,null,null,Anything from which you could derive happiness and fulfillment .
6,null,null,I have failed at everything I have tried .
7,null,null,Good at absolutely nothing , even after years of trying .
8,null,null,If there were even one such thing , I could just devote myself to it and .
9,null,null,use it to keep myself busy
819 18
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Functional depression ? ?
2,null,null,Is anyone here in a similar boat ?
3,null,null,I have a bachelor degree , girlfriend .
4,null,null,, am athletic although exercise on and off
5,null,null,Having trouble finding a stable career
6,null,null,but i am optimistic .
7,null,null,Tried getting a masters degree
8,null,null,but it is not working out so far .
9,null,null,Anyways what i am trying to say is that on paper my life seems ok , but
10,null,null,i have tried a few therapists , medications and nothing is getting me out of this hole of low mood , motivation , and occasional thoughts .
11,null,null,I still skip meals , .
12,null,null,eat junk , sleep inconsistently , have days where i am ready to quit everything
13,null,null,I do have little people to talk to and feel connected with even though i have parents , and some friends .
14,null,null,It is been several years now like this .
15,null,null,Does it get better ?
16,null,null,That is what people say , am i missing something ?
17,null,null,Am i overthinking everything ?
18,null,null,Anyways thanks for reading .
820 9
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,just wondering , if there is anyone out there at this time , how do you stop yourself from self - harming when the going gets so tough you start to disassociate ?
2,null,null,I have been taking my absolute limit of PRN medication , but .
3,null,null,feel like if I phone a helpline it is all going to be too trivial
4,null,null,My home support nurse has told me I need to stop taking the PRN meds NOW
5,null,null,but i have tried and
6,null,null,I can not .
7,null,null,The urge is so great
8,null,null,I can nearly guarantee that by the time I get to bed I will have hurt myself again .
9,null,null,PLEASE tell me what helps you in this situation ..
821 25
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Struggled with depression and anxiety for 3 years and made it through Hi everyone , I just wanted to share my experiences with depression and anxiety in the hope it might give someone else a reason to keep going .
2,null,null,I am new to reddit , so I hope this is okay !
3,null,null,I have struggled with severe depression and anxiety for the past three years and
4,null,null,it is honestly been the most difficult thing I have ever dealt with .
5,null,null,Mental illness is silently crippling .
6,null,null,I have spent more nights than I can remember wracked with sobs , feeling incredibly alone , and fantasizing about suicide .
7,null,null,I have spent more days than I can remember feeling hollow , being apathetic , and not caring about what happened to me .
8,null,null,Depression is a fucking bitch , and
9,null,null,even now , when I actually feel happy and loved and excited for my future , I am not naive enough to think that I will never have to struggle with my mental health again .
10,null,null,But I think I have learned how to best cope with it .
11,null,null,Medication did not work for me , and
12,null,null,while I do believe that professional therapy can be invaluable to people struggling with mental illness , it did not make a big difference in my case .
13,null,null,But I learned to focus on the present , to rely on loved ones I am lucky enough to have , and to forgive myself .
14,null,null,Take it one small step at a time .
15,null,null,So what if you could not leave your room today ?
16,null,null,That shit is fucking hard !
17,null,null,You got up and
18,null,null,you got out of bed
19,null,null,, that is the first step .
20,null,null,Learn to love yourself even through the despair and self - loathing .
21,null,null,There is no one path to overcoming depression , and
22,null,null,sometimes it is not exactly the cure - all you envisioned but rather learning to live with it .
23,null,null,But I promise you all that one day , it will be better .
24,null,null,You will be happy again .
25,null,null,And until then , I am happy to listen to you if you ever need anyone to talk to or have any questions .
822 4
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Why does seeing other people happy just depress me more ?
2,null,null,It just seems that when I see other people at school in the hallways or in class with their friend , they are always happy .
3,null,null,I just watch from a distance with my music playing , looking at everyone .
4,null,null,Should not I be happy for them ?
823 13
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I need a friend
2,null,null,It is hard to put words to my feelings .
3,null,null,I struggle with sounding serious and not coming off as an obnoxious dick .
4,null,null,I am sick of people coming and going
5,null,null,and I have grown to hate myself .
6,null,null,I do not ever act like the person I am at heart , and
7,null,null,I never really have to anyone .
8,null,null,I want to get out of this shell .
9,null,null,I have not had friends for years and
10,null,null,I have posted here numerous times on alts and my previous account with no reply .
11,null,null,I would not be surprised if I get overshadowed by someone with much more clearly obvious issues than me like usual , but
12,null,null,if you care , please leave a message .
13,null,null,I hope you read this .
824 6
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,What kind of things do you want people to tell you ?
2,null,null,Whenever I reach out to someone about my depression , it seems like they never tell me the things that I want to hear .
3,null,null,I usually want someone to protect me , to hug me and tell me they will help me every step of the way .
4,null,null,I have never gotten that though .
5,null,null,What do you guys want to hear ?
6,null,null,I am wondering if it is different for everyone and maybe that is why we never seem to get the right reaction
825 20
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Why I am leaving When I was a kid
2,null,null,a had an accident in which I chipped both my front teeth .
3,null,null,I was 12 back then , so my dad had the funds and everything
4,null,null,but he never wanted to take me to the dentist which went unnoticed for 4 years and
5,null,null,just a chip on my tooth became a huge problem , I got a gap and
6,null,null,they look uglier than they did .
7,null,null,Anyways the thing is just right when i was going to get the work done
8,null,null,my dad got deported and
9,null,null,I stayed by myself .
10,null,null,I have been depressed since a kid because of this
11,null,null,and my face is actually pretty
12,null,null,but my smile is really bad , and .
13,null,null,is a big cost to fix them since I have no sort of insurance
14,null,null,and I got into this big mess .
15,null,null,A long distance relationship for almost a year now
16,null,null,and we have not seen each other
17,null,null,and I do not want to because he does not know , his name is Ricardo .
18,null,null,I am 17 now
19,null,null,and I feel like committing suicide would be extremely selfish and I would hurt him and my family
20,null,null,but there is no other way I am not happy with myself and it is what it is .
826 5
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Anyone have severe anger with their depression ?
2,null,null,Any good coping strategies ?
3,null,null,I am about to see my first therapist this week for anger management and depression .
4,null,null,I am about an inch away from ruining my 3 year relationship with my angry outbursts and tantrums .
5,null,null,I am not in a real sunny place right now .
827 11
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Tired of being lonely
2,null,null,but there is not much I can do about it .
3,null,null,I just want to feel like there is someone to talk to out there
4,null,null,but , no one in my life ever wants to talk with me about anything except to yell at me or to tell me to do something .
5,null,null,That is the extent of my daily social life .
6,null,null,I could probably go a month without saying anything or talking to anyone and
7,null,null,no one would even care or notice
8,null,null,, I need social interaction like anyone else , but what do I do if I can not get it ?
9,null,null,I can interact at work ok , but
10,null,null,that is not really the same .
11,null,null,Online interaction is not really the same either .
828 53
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I bet you think this post is about you .
2,null,null,What do you know ?
3,null,null,I am back !
4,null,null,And , if you are reading this , you are back as well .
5,null,null,Glad to see you again .
6,null,null,Looking ' good , kiddo !
7,null,null,Yeah , I know .
8,null,null,I am a prick for not posting for so long .
9,null,null,But , lately .. okay not lately .
10,null,null,Basically , I just recently realized some worthless pathetic ' friend ' of mine has been doing nothing but screwing me over since I have known them .
11,null,null,Do not you hate that ?
12,null,null,Yeah , so unfortunately , this has taken up a lot of my energy .
13,null,null,That , and I am poor .
14,null,null,And some asshole sideswiped my car in the middle of the night and .
15,null,null,took out my antenna and side mirror , not to mention fucking up my door and windshield
16,null,null,As you may have already guessed , I have been a ray of fucking sunshine as of late .
17,null,null,The hate - o - meter is flashing red and .
18,null,null,this god damn alarm thing will not stop blaring , and the neighbor is dog
19,null,null,will not stop fucking barking
20,null,null,SHUT
21,null,null,THAT DOG UP !
22,null,null,SHUT
23,null,null,THAT DOG UP !
24,null,null,But anyway , those are my excuses .
25,null,null,Not good excuses , mind you , but
26,null,null,it is all I have got .
27,null,null,Donations are accepted but .
28,null,null,not required
29,null,null,I hope the four - twenty holiday went well for all of you good - for - nothing potheads .
30,null,null,I myself had a smashing holiday when some of that sweet vegetation unexpectedly came into my life .
31,null,null,It was .. alright .
32,null,null,Not of spectacular quality .
33,null,null,Crap .
34,null,null,Eh , did any other holidays pass since I last wrote ?
35,null,null,Easter , maybe ?
36,null,null,I believe once again I was drunk on Easter .
37,null,null,Mother is Day .
38,null,null,is coming up pretty damn fast , however
39,null,null,Shit ,
40,null,null,well mom , I hope you appreciate handmade cards like you did when I was five .
41,null,null,Fuck , where is that glue stick ?
42,null,null,And WHY DON'T WE HAVE ANY GLITTER ? ?
43,null,null,Oh , well .
44,null,null,See , this is why we need to be rid of holidays where I either do not get a day off and slash or holidays where I have to buy slash .
45,null,null,do stuff or suffer the consequence of feeling guilt
46,null,null,Do not I have enough guilt already ?
47,null,null,Sorry the funny is lacking , kiddies .
48,null,null,It is hard to be funny when you want to beat someone .
49,null,null,is head in with a tire iron covered in bloody feces while Pantera screams in the background
50,null,null,I would have also accepted Slayer .
51,null,null,Or Wham .
52,null,null,I will post again when I stop feeling homicidal .
53,null,null,okay less homicidal .
829 14
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Ca not get a job .
2,null,null,My patient is about to die .
3,null,null,I will be out of a job .
4,null,null,Ca not seem to get any hospital to hire me as a CNA even though I am qualified .
5,null,null,Had an interview cancelled on me .
6,null,null,Ca not vent to my boyfriend or my mom .
7,null,null,They make me feel worse and .
8,null,null,argue with me because apparently I am just too negative and I am not allowed to be sad
9,null,null,The depression is getting bad again despite heading into spring and warm temps in Arizona .
10,null,null,Ca not keep doing this .
11,null,null,The black clouds over me have been here my whole life .
12,null,null,I am sick of it .
13,null,null,Just want to end it all .
14,null,null,Fuck this life .
830 13
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,The one upside of being depressed I have recently noticed something that has , strangely enough , somehow helped me a bit with my depression .
2,null,null,See , I have started not " sweating the small stuff .
3,null,null," For example ; stuck in traffic ?
4,null,null,It is okay .
5,null,null,Spilled my coffee ?
6,null,null,Oh , well .
7,null,null,My co - worker is annoying ?
8,null,null,Does not phase me .
9,null,null,My thought process is like this : when I wake up and feel like dying , at least the spilled coffee gives me something to do in the mean time .
10,null,null,Or standing in a queue forces me to be more in the present
11,null,null,and not as much in my head .
12,null,null,Since I came to realise this , I have noticed an increase in my general mood , or
13,null,null,at least I have become better at coping with going outside , shopping etc .
831 17
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,my name here is mystry and , myself and I ..
2,null,null,on behalf of me
3,null,null,we all would like to say hey
4,null,null,..
5,null,null,but I see we already have ..
6,null,null,so let is say hello ..
7,null,null,duh ..
8,null,null,we have said that too ..
9,null,null,gosh gall darn it ..
10,null,null,I just can not seem to get a word in edge wise ..
11,null,null,I guess you have noticed that I hide my fear and pain behind a mask of humor ..
12,null,null,but as I write this I am crying like a little baby .. and
13,null,null,this baby is a 46 year old ..
14,null,null,male .. from Canada ..
15,null,null,I hope to find a hiding spot here and
16,null,null,maybe some support .. hopefully my years will bring some knowledge to a few here as well ..
17,null,null,I guess I will stumble out the way I came in ..
832 8
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Is there a place on the internet that actually helps ?
2,null,null,This subreddit is flooded with depressed people .
3,null,null,The few that do comment , usually only agree with the OP .
4,null,null,Random articles are usually unhelpful .
5,null,null,They all say get healthier , socialize , be productive , see a therapist , and/or get medication .
6,null,null,I have tried all that .
7,null,null,Just wondering if there is anything , and
8,null,null,I really do mean anything , on the internet that is helpful for depression .
833 14
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Hi .
2,null,null,My name is Jenna .
3,null,null,I am 20 years old and .
4,null,null,just joined and figured that I should introduce myself
5,null,null,I found this site from searching online and .
6,null,null,think that it is great
7,null,null,I only started accepting the fact that I have been depressed last year because I have always been very good at hiding it from everyone else and I used to fool myself as well ( if that makes sense ) .
8,null,null,I have never been one to seek help from others because in the past I have always dealt with everything myself .
9,null,null,The start of college and being outside ( different state ) of my home environment ( which is the cause of a lot of anger and resentment that I also have ) helped me to see that there was something wrong with the way that I was living and that I could reach out and get help .
10,null,null,I am currently seeing a counselor ( through my college and since I feel like I am working well with her that I do not need to seek other outside help yet ) about my anxiety and depression
11,null,null,but I feel that talking to others that are going through the same thing could help give me a different view on everything and be helpful as well .
12,null,null,I am glad that I stumbled across these forums and
13,null,null,I can not wait to get to know some of you .
14,null,null,Jenna
834 14
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am glad none of my close friends know I have reddit
2,null,null,If my friends knew how depressed I was
3,null,null,and I
4,null,null,how serious I am about committing suicide they would probably put me in some inpatient program .
5,null,null,That would just make things worse tbh .
6,null,null,The only time I feel okay
7,null,null,is it work because I feel needed
8,null,null,and I am helping people .
9,null,null,Everyday is a constant struggle to stay alive and
10,null,null,I hate that there is still a month and half left until the date I chose .
11,null,null,I should probably write my letters soon
12,null,null,just Incase I do not make it .
13,null,null,I am glad for this subreddit and .
14,null,null,that there is people who understand my pain
835 29
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,when i was really young
2,null,null,my sister who is like 5 years older than me got me to constantly play these role playing games with her where she was the dominant one in the relationship it went on until i was in 6th grade
3,null,null,i think i do not know
4,null,null,and the thing is , I am not repulsed by her or anything .
5,null,null,i do not hate her .
6,null,null,i did not know at the time it was wrong but ..
7,null,null,even though i do now
8,null,null,i do not really know my feelings about it
9,null,null,but i think it is one of the reasons I am depressed .
10,null,null,i have not been able to tell anyone about it .
11,null,null,not even my psychiatrist .
12,null,null,i wish i could
13,null,null,but every time i get close i close up and
14,null,null,get really anxious
15,null,null,i wish i could get this off my chest .
16,null,null,i do not know if my mom knows or not .
17,null,null,we do not talk about anything and to add to this , i think i might be gay
18,null,null,and i do not know if it was because of this or not it it started when i was 12
19,null,null,but i did not recognize it as homosexuality .
20,null,null,I have only been with two girls while in middle school
21,null,null,but that is it .
22,null,null,i think some guys are cute and all
23,null,null,but i just get really uncomfortable .
24,null,null,my psychiatrist thinks i have some repressed memory
25,null,null,but i do not know what to do about it .
26,null,null,i always clog up whenever i want to tell someone something important
27,null,null,i have this fear that they wo nt care or will tell someone else .
28,null,null,my family has a huge problem with that
29,null,null,and I have known too many deceitful people to trust anyone so if you have any ideas to what i should do please tell me
836 38
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am a 24 year old female and
2,null,null,I am extremely ugly .
3,null,null,Despite having tried a slew of products recommended by dermatologists , and washing religiously , I nonetheless I have the most disgusting skin ever
4,null,null,( EVER .
5,null,null,You know Freddy Kreuger ?
6,null,null,He suddenly starts to look quite appealing next to me ) .
7,null,null,And I have .. unfortunate features .
8,null,null,I have a nose that would shame Pinocchio , small eyes , and a manly jaw .
9,null,null,This never used to bother me too much , because I have lived with being Unfortunate Looking my whole life
10,null,null,, heard all the insults in school , and I figured that anyone who did not want to know me because of my appearance was not worth my time .
11,null,null,I try to make the best of what I have got - I am not especially clever or talented in anything , but , and
12,null,null,at least I dress nicely ,
13,null,null,get my hair done , wear makeup and all that
14,null,null,I try to enjoy myself .
15,null,null,I knew I was unattractive , but
16,null,null,I hoped that people enjoyed my company , and that one day I might even charm someone with my lovely personality enough that he might want to date me despite my appearance ( it has not happened yet , but you have got to tell yourself SOMETHING , right ? ) .
17,null,null,I have lots of friends , and
18,null,null,even though I am forever boyfriend
19,null,null,-less
20,null,null,, I am the one that people seem to depend on for everything but sex , and
21,null,null,that has always been a comfort to me .
22,null,null,But yesterday , I overheard a friend - a friend ! - saying that my skin is " disgusting "
23,null,null,and I ought to " do something " about it .
24,null,null,He said that it was no wonder I was single .
25,null,null,He said it was a " shame I wanted children so much , since no one would ever want to get close enough to impregnate me " .
26,null,null,The person he was talking to suggested IVF .
27,null,null,I do not think I will ever be happy again .
28,null,null,I want to cut my face off .
29,null,null,I want to cut my face off and stick a grenade in my mouth .
30,null,null,I do not want anyone to ever , ever look at me again .
31,null,null,I can not believe how utterly worthless I feel .
32,null,null,It is not just that they think I am ugly - that is hurtful , but
33,null,null,I knew I was hardly God is Gift to Men .
34,null,null,But that they would speak about me like that behind my back
35,null,null,.. use THAT word in connection with ME ? !
36,null,null,..
37,null,null,I can not believe how much I have been kidding myself ! !
38,null,null,The message is loud and clear : if you are ugly , you are not worth respect or friendship or love .
837 23
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I just want to get this off my chest
2,null,null,My depression comes and .
3,null,null,goes , same for my anxiety
4,null,null,The doctor said its that I have an obsessive - compulsive disorder .
5,null,null,Somedays I feel fine , others I feel crushing loneliness .
6,null,null,I am 28 .
7,null,null,Never had a girlfriend and .
8,null,null,have become distant from my friends
9,null,null,I have no idea of how to meet new people .
10,null,null,I just ..
11,null,null,I dunno
12,null,null,, sometimes it feels like I should have my life on track by now .
13,null,null,My sisters were married at this point , meanwhile , I never had an intimate relationship nor even a small idea of how to start one .
14,null,null,I see people with successful careers , homes , families at my age , yet
15,null,null,I feel like I am just going day to day growing older with nothing to look forward to .
16,null,null,I do not want to kill myself but
17,null,null,sometimes I wish I just ceased to be .
18,null,null,My hobbies do not feel fulfilling any longer and
19,null,null,sometimes I just want to sleep the morning away mainly to make the day shorter .
20,null,null,I can not even force myself to enjoy parties because I feel this pressure on the back of my neck and after a while and it becomes unbearable .
21,null,null,I need to leave to feel better and
22,null,null,yet I feel worse in loneliness .
23,null,null,I do not know .
838 45
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I checked myself in to a Mental Hospital I decided after dealing with months of annoying suicidal ideation that I should go to a mental hospital .
2,null,null,I say annoying because I was aware of these increased thoughts and wanted nothing to do with killing myself .
3,null,null,While I wanted a closed environment away from home stressors to solve my issues I was also afraid of going somewhere unknown .
4,null,null,I went through with it ( despite crying and feeling emotional on the way there ) to get my life turned around .
5,null,null,I feel very often that horror stories are told of hospitals .
6,null,null,In reality , if you need the help , please seek it out .
7,null,null,You may have a completely different experience than someone who claims they do not remember their stay and was drugged up to their eyeballs .
8,null,null,My experience was a pleasant one overall .
9,null,null,I went there and
10,null,null,focused on fixing my issues
11,null,null,and I would say I came out feeling better .
12,null,null,I am not sure if I can or should give the name of the place
13,null,null,but I am sure someone can let me know down below .
14,null,null,I just want to share my experience and help people not feel so afraid of going to one .
15,null,null,The place was pretty clean .
16,null,null,An adult area for people 18 and over , rooms and halls split by gender .
17,null,null,Bathrooms only seemed a bit off towards the end of the day or during the morning when people would shower .
18,null,null,Roommates were sweet and tidy thankfully but
19,null,null,the option to change roommates if there was a problem was always available to me .
20,null,null,Groups were informative and engaging as well as encouraging for others to speak up if they wished .
21,null,null,You had a good amount of personal time to do whatever .
22,null,null,Outdoor activities were available permitting the weather .
23,null,null,The place was meant for short stays of up to a week so anyone who is still there for longer may see the groups as too repetitive .
24,null,null,The food was surprisingly delicious and great .
25,null,null,Honestly expected school lunch type of food
26,null,null,but there was variety and options for those allergic , vegetarian or needing gluten free food .
27,null,null,There were staff members around whenever you needed them for anything .
28,null,null,The treatment team could have been better .
29,null,null,They were good to me but not to everyone there .
30,null,null,Changed meds without informing me .
31,null,null,I went from 5 to 10 to 15 mg of Abilify .
32,null,null,Good Lord I felt it once I was home .
33,null,null,Then REALLY felt it when they made a mistake
34,null,null,and I went cold turkey for two weeks because I could not get my prescription filled .
35,null,null,I will update once I am properly back on it .
36,null,null,So that is my experience .
37,null,null,After a week , I came out feeling better .
38,null,null,I got off of Wellbutrin after determining it could be the cause of my increased depression .
39,null,null,The Abilify gives me energy to get up and not be stuck in bed all day .
40,null,null,I feel better than when I went in .
41,null,null,I know this is a long post , however I have been afraid of sharing my experience with others .
42,null,null,I do not want to feel afraid of ashamed of having went ,
43,null,null,so here I am with this post .
44,null,null,If this is also posted in the wrong place , please let me know
45,null,null,and I will gladly move it to the right subreddit .
839 6
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I wanted to die 30 minutes ago
2,null,null,I finished writing my suicide note , was about to down a bottle of pills .
3,null,null,Then my mom texted me .
4,null,null,I do not know if it was fate or a coincidence
5,null,null,but I decided not to .
6,null,null,I can not bear the thought of her seeing me dead .
840 12
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I can not cry ..
2,null,null,I want to but ..
3,null,null,can not
4,null,null,I am *
5,null,null,intensely
6,null,null,* upset with a situation and
7,null,null,feel *
8,null,null,incredibly * distressed but ..
9,null,null,can not cry
10,null,null,I do not understand ?
11,null,null,I used to be able to cry and let out emotion or even cry naturally
12,null,null,but I just can not anymore , I do not have the capacity .
841 30
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,First of all , a happy Christmas to one and all .
2,null,null,My situation is that I have had moderate depression on and off since 18 years old , and 2 years ago aged 33
3,null,null,I had it
4,null,null,so bad I had to be off work for 3 months .
5,null,null,Then I tried the SSRI Escitalopram and
6,null,null,it worked perfectly
7,null,null,and I went back to work .
8,null,null,I came off it a year ago and
9,null,null,then 4 months ago I suffered a relapse and had to go back on it , and now I am OK ( except when it came back for 3 days after a booze bender ) .
10,null,null,My psychiatrist is saying I should take them indefinitely .
11,null,null,As I have no side effects I am happy with this , but
12,null,null,I am concerned about some reports saying that they start to work less well after some years .
13,null,null,Is this right .
14,null,null,And if so would not it be better to ration them
15,null,null,so I only take them after I relapse ?
16,null,null,So they keep on working for longer , if not the rest of my life .
17,null,null,Is there anyone on the boards here who has been taking antidepressants for many years who has found they have become less effective and now regrets having taken them for that reason .
18,null,null,And now suffers depression that now can not be treated by medication ?
19,null,null,Yes I have heard that you can switch to others , but
20,null,null,surely the same type of reasoning applies ?
21,null,null,The psychiatrist said that I had endogenous depression with a reactive cause , and that she did not think that counseling would help .
22,null,null,Does this make sense ?
23,null,null,A former work colleague of mine recently said that the antidepressants had made me start acting " weird " .
24,null,null,Well apart from posting on an internet forum
25,null,null,I do not think I have done anything weird , and
26,null,null,other friends agree with me .
27,null,null,But other friends all think that it is not good for you to keep taking these " happy pills " for a long term , that antidepressants are a short term fix only .
28,null,null,But what do they know .
29,null,null,You can not really tell if others have depression from the outside .
30,null,null,Neil ( 35 years young , from the UK )
842 11
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Well , it is nearly time .
2,null,null,I swore to myself that I will not be dealing with depression by the time I will be 40 .
3,null,null,Shit , my 39th is toddling along shortly , so
4,null,null,I will have only one more year to keep my promise .
5,null,null,Gee , no idea whether I be able to make it , but
6,null,null,I swore to myself that I have to have the darn depression stuff under my wings by then .
7,null,null,So , keep your fingers crossed for me .
8,null,null,The clock is ticking ..
9,null,null,PS : heh , heh
10,null,null,, just thought , since I LOOK nearly 80 presently , maybe I could get a bonus day or two of extension , because of the depressing reflection in mirrors .
11,null,null,What do you think ?
843 39
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,My gf is planning on killing herself and idk what to do ..
2,null,null,Ok so me and her have known each other for 9 months .
3,null,null,We are in a long - distance relationship .
4,null,null,We have never met in real life .
5,null,null,I think she may be bipolar .
6,null,null,One night she told me she cut herself a little bit .
7,null,null,On her thigh .
8,null,null,At first I thought she was joking .
9,null,null,She showed me the mark if lefted in the morning
10,null,null,and I knew it was serious .
11,null,null,She is 16 and
12,null,null,I am 18 .
13,null,null,She has told me before she wants to die .
14,null,null,She has had a bad past with men
15,null,null,but I will not go into any details .
16,null,null,It was just really bad .
17,null,null,She does not talk to her parents about it just me .
18,null,null,Her mother and father may get a divorce so that makes this situation even worse .
19,null,null,She can be really happy at times then really down .
20,null,null,We get in fights sometimes but
21,null,null,they are usually resolved .
22,null,null,She always complains she is a bad gf because she treats me like shit .
23,null,null,I forgive her for doing so because of her shit life .
24,null,null,Today we were just talking casually and
25,null,null,a few mins
26,null,null,later she said I will kms on said date .
27,null,null,Then I told her why would u. She said love u
28,null,null,bye .
29,null,null,We then went back and forth until I decided to leave her alone .
30,null,null,She said she was not feeling ok .
31,null,null,But I have never heard her give me a date before .
32,null,null,Saying you will is one thing but a date means you have planned out how u want to go .
33,null,null,I did not tell my parents the full story and .
34,null,null,neither has she
35,null,null,She has tried killing herself before .
36,null,null,I did not know her at the time .
37,null,null,She does not have any friends in real life and the ones she does have just use her .
38,null,null,She is also behind in school which stresses her out .
39,null,null,I will go into more details if anyone is willing to help me and thank u for hearing me out .
844 28
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I just turned 18 and
2,null,null,a couple of months have gone by and everything is a mess .
3,null,null,I feel so paranoid about everything ; that I am going to die .
4,null,null,That every feeling ache or pain is something horrible .
5,null,null,Sometimes I just feel like I might have a heart attack and die
6,null,null,and I am just so afraid !
7,null,null,I can not sleep alone at night anymore .
8,null,null,I feel week and helpless
9,null,null,and I hate it .
10,null,null,I feel selfish that I am so worried about myself .
11,null,null,Everything has just hit me so hard
12,null,null,and I do not know why ,
13,null,null,and although I have seen doctors and she told me "
14,null,null,oh I am too young to be feeling this way , too young to take medicine
15,null,null," I just ca nt shake it .
16,null,null,I will be seeing a psychiatrist soon too , all my loved ones give me constant reassurance , but
17,null,null,I just ca nt push all these horrible things out of my head .
18,null,null,I do not want to cry anymore or feel like this I just want to feel like myself again ..
19,null,null,..
20,null,null,I am just looking for someone who understands .
21,null,null,Has anyone been through this , these feelings ?
22,null,null,How do you cope ? ?
23,null,null,Argh ..
24,null,null,well .. I am sorry but ..
25,null,null,thank you for your time and patience
26,null,null,I am new to this forum ..
27,null,null,in fact my first forum post ever written
28,null,null,, just hope I can find a little advice ..
845 40
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I lost my father to a sudden and completely unexpected heart attack two weeks ago .
2,null,null,I have been up and down , but
3,null,null,right now I am at a loss .
4,null,null,What are some strategies you would
5,null,null,employ(secular
6,null,null,wise , i am non religious ) .
7,null,null,I suffer from severe anxiety(GAD ) and .
8,null,null,severe depression
9,null,null,xpost /r / griefsupport I am going to seek counselling by the way very soon .
10,null,null,My Dad is service has not happened yet .
11,null,null,I was planning after that to start up again but with this added part .
12,null,null,So yeah , my dad showing no signs of it , had a massive heart attack on the 14th and passed away on the 16th at 73 years old .
13,null,null,I realize people is times do come , and
14,null,null,he had health problems(As far as we knew , no heart disease , had been checked out ) but he did not smoke or drink
15,null,null,and he lost a lot of weight and .
16,null,null,took care of himself for the most part
17,null,null,He was slowing down , but
18,null,null,no more then an older person would .
19,null,null,To say it was a shock would be putting it mildly .
20,null,null,I ugly cried in front of him and several times .
21,null,null,his hospital bed
22,null,null,I am just so broken up for my mom and my family .
23,null,null,Of course , me too .
24,null,null,But my Mom and Dad were married for 45 years .
25,null,null,And although it was not perfect , they had a true love .
26,null,null,And I have such a close relationship with my mother .
27,null,null,So when her heart is breaking it is hard for me to see .
28,null,null,I sponge it .
29,null,null,I feel that pain .
30,null,null,I have also unfortunately had to deal with siblings who are dealing with this tragedy by lashing out and trying to put themselves ahead of myself and my brother .
31,null,null,( My sister and other brother ) .
32,null,null,And that is been super difficult .
33,null,null,They have said some ugly things that I am trying to look past at the current moment .
34,null,null,Anyways , I just wanted to know other then counselling , if there is anything you feel that might be of use to me and my brain to move forward without Dad .
35,null,null,Depression has creeped in the last few days with the grief to give it a double whammy .
36,null,null,Also had a massive panic attack yesterday as well , which I expected but it never prepares you for it .
37,null,null,Anyways .
38,null,null,Thank you .
39,null,null,Sorry if I seem scrambled .
40,null,null,Obviously it is an overload of processing .
846 8
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,first therapy
2,null,null,I just had my first ever therapy today
3,null,null,and i m
4,null,null,not really shure if i liked it or not .
5,null,null,I tried to be really open and talked about everything
6,null,null,but she kinda just went over the fact that i mentioned that i sometimes have suicidle thoughts(which is like the only reason i made myselve go in the first place ) .
7,null,null,Dunno why i write this here
8,null,null,, maybe i just wanted to tell someone .
847 15
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am 30 years old and .
2,null,null,have lived with depression / dysthymia my whole life
3,null,null,I am going on one year of marriage to the most wonderful man ever .
4,null,null,I have always wanted children until recently .
5,null,null,I am going through yet another depressive spell where I can barely function and .
6,null,null,come home after a high - powered job with headaches and complete mental exhaustion
7,null,null,I barely have enough for me , and !
8,null,null,even less for my husband
9,null,null,How could I handle a baby ?
10,null,null,It is pretty much inevitable
11,null,null,I will have post - partum .
12,null,null,When I thought about adoption I realized that I would still be primary caretaker for a child and what
13,null,null,if I can not be " there " for the child ?
14,null,null,I am SO ANGRY that this " condition " hinders so much in my life .
15,null,null,Anyone else struggle with this ?
848 19
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I have my ECT consultation today and
2,null,null,I have never felt more alone .
3,null,null,I have a good support system around me
4,null,null,but somehow I have never felt more alone than at this moment .
5,null,null,Nobody else that I know has had depression as severe as mine , or has ever been in this position where the choices are : be miserable forever , or zap your brain which might seemingly cause permanent memory damage and may not even work after all that .
6,null,null,Last night was the first time I have felt really suicidal in a while ( mostly I have just been miserable and have not even been motivated to plan my suicide ) .
7,null,null,Why go through all these awful , invasive treatments when I could just end it quickly and quietly
8,null,null,and then everyone else could get back to their lives ?
9,null,null,I feel like an immense burden .
10,null,null,I have been severely depressed for the better part of 2 years at this point .
11,null,null,It has totally disabled me , .
12,null,null,robbed me of a career I loved , and made most things difficult or unbearable
13,null,null,I have tried 7 different drugs to try and get it and my anxiety under control .
14,null,null,No cigar .
15,null,null,I do not necessarily want to die , I just do not want to live , if that makes sense .
16,null,null,I feel as if my husband , friends , and doctor are keeping me artificially alive with all these treatments that do not work , when in reality , I am that painfully sick dog that needs to just be put down already .
17,null,null,I never thought the potential for another treatment would actually make me more suicidal , but .
18,null,null,here we are
19,null,null,Thanks for reading .
849 19
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I want a cat so much due to depression and loneliness ..
2,null,null,I once had a cat I had got for my 16th birthday over 10 years ago before she died at a bit of a young age just almost a year ago .
3,null,null,She helped me so much whenever I had suicidal thoughts ; when I would get them and tell myself how much I should die , I would think of her , and ?
4,null,null,then ask myself " Who would take care of her
5,null,null,She would be so devastated if her own master was gone .
6,null,null,I could never do that to her . "
7,null,null,But ever since her death , I think I have been more depressed and lonely without her .
8,null,null,I have been so much more angry and isolated , I think .
9,null,null,I want a furry companion so , so much , but
10,null,null,I do not think it will happen anytime soon , no matter how urgent or how much I rather need one , and that makes me even more depressed .
11,null,null,There is been so much going on , so it is not a good time to look for a kitten ; however , the thing is , I do not know how much longer I have to wait , and I do not know how much longer I \*can\
12,null,null,*
13,null,null,wait , because my family moved , and the house we live in is being renovated
14,null,null,, so I do not even have a room yet .
15,null,null,My wild guess is that it could take maybe a year for everything to settle , but
16,null,null,I can not wait that long at all before getting a cat .
17,null,null,I am torn .
18,null,null,Should I just get a cat for the sake of my health , or
19,null,null,should I endure the wait a little longer so things can settle down a bit more ?
850 8
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am only 16 , and
2,null,null,I do not have the energy nor the motivation to do anything , and I am constantly sad .
3,null,null,Everything seems bland and pointless , I feel sad constantly , and , and
4,null,null,the things I used to enjoy such as video games
5,null,null,it is slowly growing old .
6,null,null,I have been thinking a lot about the fact that I am alone and never had any sort of relationship with girls for the past 16 years of my life , and
7,null,null,it is really bringing me down .
8,null,null,17 soon , hopefully things will get better with time .
851 42
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Hi everyone I am new here .
2,null,null,I guess I will start from the top with my story .
3,null,null,At the age of 17 I was hospitalized for bipolar disorder which I do not think I have .
4,null,null,Anyways I was hospitalized twice medicines worked for a while
5,null,null,but then I would just crash down into a further depression .
6,null,null,At the age of 18 I stopped all medicines because I was happy and did not think they were really doing anything to help me .
7,null,null,Since that time I still suffer occasional bouts of depression .
8,null,null,I will also add in that my mom has schizoaffective disorder and that I have many aunts and uncles with depression .
9,null,null,I am now soon to be 26
10,null,null,and I just feel very alone .
11,null,null,I am married and
12,null,null,I work and go to school right now .
13,null,null,I am just overwhelmed
14,null,null,I do not want to go to my classes
15,null,null,I do not feel like it is worth my time
16,null,null,I feel like no one cares if I succeed or fail .
17,null,null,I have had these feelings before this is the same way I felt when I dropped out of high school .
18,null,null,I just feel worthless
19,null,null,the only thing I even enjoy anymore is work and
20,null,null,lately that has not given me much enjoyment at all I use to be eager to be there
21,null,null,and now I am anxious to get off of work and come home and not do anything .
22,null,null,My husband and I have been fighting a lot
23,null,null,lately he has an anger problem that we have been trying to work through , and
24,null,null,it is negatively impacting the way I feel .
25,null,null,I can also tell though that he is worried about me
26,null,null,he keeps asking me if I am ok or if I am mad at him
27,null,null,I just do not really feel anything
28,null,null,right now I am just numb .
29,null,null,I just have a million thoughts running through my head and
30,null,null,no matter what I do
31,null,null,I can not seem to get rid of the negativity .
32,null,null,I am tired all the time , yet that well
33,null,null,I can not sleep at night
34,null,null,but I have been falling asleep in the middle of the afternoons .
35,null,null,I overreact to little things and
36,null,null,the list goes on .
37,null,null,I know what can happen if I let this go on .
38,null,null,I nearly lost my life to the negative thoughts when I was younger that is the only reason I got help then .
39,null,null,I have decided to see my doctor and get some help
40,null,null,I just think I need some support I have no friends around here
41,null,null,well at least that have any time to visit and
42,null,null,my family is all 2 hours away .
852 12
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,How can I Kill the negativity inside my head ?
2,null,null,As I am on my self improvement journey , even though I am making progress , I hear a voice in my head telling me horrible thoughts .
3,null,null,It is lowkey making me depressed .
4,null,null,It says stuff
5,null,null,like " you are so shit , " " you are fat
6,null,null,so you might as well not even try with women , " " your grades are horrible , " " your hair is not cool yet , " and
7,null,null," oh so you can dress well now
8,null,null,but you are still a shit person overall .
9,null,null," Even when I have an accomplishment like a successful concert or a new track of music , my jerk brain still tells me that I am shit and not good enough .
10,null,null,Maybe I just need to hit the iron harder and keep getting in shape ?
11,null,null,How can I kill this voice ?
12,null,null,It is ruining my self esteem and happiness .
853 14
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Depression is the enemy you can not beat
2,null,null,I am a fighter
3,null,null,like I play brutal sports in college
4,null,null,and I am used to pain ,
5,null,null,but when it comes to depression I want to defeat it in one simple step
6,null,null,but it is not that easy .
7,null,null,I go through days where I feel better knowing that there is nothing for me to screw up .
8,null,null,I have these feelings not only at night when I am alone
9,null,null,but when I am with friends and I know that they do not understand it because I get the normal response of " everybody feels that way man .
10,null,null,"
11,null,null,and that is just a worse thing for me to think about .
12,null,null,if everyone has it I must be a failure for letting it affect me in such a way where I ca nt get anything done for school
13,null,null,and I just sit on my computer all day .
14,null,null,Its miserable .
854 8
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,.
2,null,null,I feel like I do not have a heart anymore , or a soul , or a personality , whatever .
3,null,null,It is been broken too many times by people and by myself .
4,null,null,I do not know how to feel anything anymore .
5,null,null,I feel empty , bored and lonely .
6,null,null,I wish I was not here
7,null,null,but I do not want to die , but
8,null,null,I feel like I will end up doing it one day .
855 9
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Constant worrying is killing me Has anyone got any help at all to help you distract yourself from someone close to you going AWOL ?
2,null,null,my boyfriend suffers with bad mental illnesses
3,null,null,aswell
4,null,null,and he is gone awol and
5,null,null,has not been online in days nor texted me for months
6,null,null,but whenever I do call and the rare chance he answers he reassures me that he still loves me .
7,null,null,When he is gone my head is just filled with overthinking and .
8,null,null,worry that it makes me physically so depressed and worse than before
9,null,null,Does anyone have any fucking help for me ?
856 13
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,How do i stop negative thoughts ?
2,null,null,I try to be positive .
3,null,null,But honestly the last 2 years has been hard
4,null,null,i feel my thoughts are getting worse and worse .
5,null,null,I think i am worthless , weak , pathetic and more .
6,null,null,And i do nt know what to do these thoughts are eating away at me .
7,null,null,I can have a good day and .
8,null,null,then start thinking these thoughts and lose all self confidence
9,null,null,The sad thing is that my friends tell me i m worth less also
10,null,null,and i try to change as a person to please them .
11,null,null,I know i should not hang out with them
12,null,null,but then i wo nt have any friends at all
13,null,null,and i will be even more lonely .
857 14
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I can really relate to what a lot of you have said , in being embarrassed about seeking help .
2,null,null,Being a teenager
3,null,null,I do not have really have the ability to seek help on my own , and
4,null,null,there is no way that I am going to tell my parents .
5,null,null,I tried hinting at it - telling them I did not care about stuff ,
6,null,null,that I hated being around people .
7,null,null,I even tried making it completely obvious in giving up or ignoring things I am usually interested in , such as getting my driver is license ( I am 16 , I will get it soon ) .
8,null,null,Unfortunately , she is a complete idiot and .
9,null,null,just passes everything off as being normal , somehow
10,null,null,Hell , once I told her flat out that I thought that ' life sucks , '
11,null,null,and she still did not get it !
12,null,null,How stupid can you be ?
13,null,null,Much of the time I feel like the biggest idiot on the face of the earth , but .
14,null,null,not even I am that dense
858 4
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am burning alive to keep other people warm .
2,null,null,Why do I have to continue suffering through a shit existence for the happiness of others ?
3,null,null,They do not give a fuck about me while I am alive
4,null,null,so why should I care about how they feel when I am gone ?
859 12
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I have never had dreams that I can remember , before I started treatment for depression .
2,null,null,Oh sure , everyone once in a while , I would wake up and know that I was in the middle of a dream when I woke , but I know at times I could go for weeks on end and never feel as if I had dreamt or
3,null,null,if I had , I could not remember .
4,null,null,I also know or have been told , we all dream every night
5,null,null,, it is a fact , we just do not remember them .
6,null,null,Since I have been taking medication for depression ( Effexor and Klonopin ) , I dream every night !
7,null,null,And not just one , several dreams .
8,null,null,They are very vivid .
9,null,null,, most of them do not make any sense but some of them do
10,null,null,It just amazes me how much I dream now and the things I dream about and can remember !
11,null,null,Has anyone experienced this and ?
12,null,null,can it be related to the medications
860 21
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am new here - was not quite sure where to start but
2,null,null," special new member posting area " seemed appropriate .
3,null,null,I think I have been battling depression off and on for some time now .
4,null,null,I saw a therapist briefly , for a couple months , but .
5,null,null,had to stop when it got too expensive and when I could not take the time off work anymore
6,null,null,I actually did not even start seeing her until the worst of my depression had already passed .
7,null,null,Not sure I got that much out of it , but
8,null,null,maybe I did not give it enough time .
9,null,null,I was doing so well for a while , but
10,null,null,in the last week or two , I can feel myself sliding back into it .
11,null,null,There are certain things , issues , that tend to pull me into that hole .
12,null,null,I would done so well at avoiding them
13,null,null,, I felt like I was over it .
14,null,null,But I am dwelling on them again , and
15,null,null,I do not know what to do this time to break the hold .
16,null,null,The smallest thing sets me off crying , and
17,null,null,I have completely lost interest in the things I was so excited about two weeks ago , along with most everything else .
18,null,null,I feel completely isolated - I have no one to talk to about this , which I guess is why I am here online .
19,null,null,OK not sure what the point of this post was , but .
20,null,null,thanks for letting me get it out
21,null,null,Sometimes it feels better just to tell someone , anyone .
861 10
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,What Depression is Like For Me .
2,null,null,Having depression is like sailing with a hole inside your boat and only a bucket to keep you afloat .
3,null,null,Depression is wanting to have friends but are too anxious to go out and stay a while longer .
4,null,null,Depression is forcing yourself out of bed , not for yourself but those who count on you .
5,null,null,Depression is having an empty feeling inside your chest while your head is crowded with self loathing .
6,null,null,Depression is where people tell you " it will all get better " but only hearing the silent whispers of the wind .
7,null,null,Depression is where you slowly lose your personality , joy , and interest for those things that you have used to love .
8,null,null,Depression is where a stranger tells you " I will be here for you " and you take it as an insult .
9,null,null,Depression is where you hurt , crawl on the floor crying , grabbing on to dear life alone in your dark room with your thoughts , too tired to do anything and then go to bed only to rise again to pretend that nothing happened .
10,null,null,To pretend , nothing happened .
862 40
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,hey there depression , it is me ,
2,null,null,ya boi ( a letter for u by urs truly )
3,null,null,dear depression , look , my dude
4,null,null,.. i have not showered in a week , and
5,null,null,although i bleached my hair so you can not see how dirty it is when that happens
6,null,null,, i can still feel it and
7,null,null,would really like to use that coconut shampoo
8,null,null,i bought that makes me smell like , well , coconuts .
9,null,null,i am not sure what i smell like right now , but
10,null,null,it is probably not fruit .
11,null,null,maybe that lavender febreze i spray all the time , if i am lucky .
12,null,null,i have not done laundry in a month or so .
13,null,null,i wore the same two dirty pairs of pants to work all week - the long ones , .
14,null,null,because even though it is been around 95F all week , i have not worked up the energy to shave my legs in forever
15,null,null,like sure it is 2018 and girls can be as hairy as they want these days
16,null,null,woo go feminism or w / e but jeannie from accounting noticed when i had two vaguely different socks
17,null,null,bc
18,null,null,i was too lazy to find a matching pair
19,null,null,and i do not need to give her any more reasons to open her big mouth tbh .
20,null,null,i only got out of bed today to pee and eat a sandwich ( which i thoroughly enjoyed - the sandwich , not the pee ..
21,null,null,but maybe the pee a little bit too ..
22,null,null,not in a weird way tho - so it is nice to know i can still enjoy things , even if i have developed an unhealthy coping method with food and am going to get fatter and hate my body even more .
23,null,null,but hey , at least it is not drugs ) .
24,null,null,which also reminds me that i need to do dishes .. or
25,null,null,i could just keep buying disposable dishes , so that i can let that pile up in the trash
26,null,null,i desperately need to take out instead .
27,null,null,i have shit i have got to do that i was supposed to do last weekend , but also instead of sleeping
28,null,null,spent that weekend in bed ( you are terrible in bed btw ) , and considering that i am writing this at 6
29,null,null,am
30,null,null,like i was supposed to start doing several hours ago - after i was supposed to take the meds that i did not get up to take -
31,null,null,the forecast for today is pretty bleak as well .
32,null,null,of course , you know all this , because you like to stop by every couple weeks and make sure of it .
33,null,null,i think you are more regular than my time of the month
34,null,null,( which would probably be more regular if i could just stick to taking my birth control every day , but
35,null,null,we already established that i suck at taking pills i am supposed that to ) .
36,null,null,i wish i could just get up and do what i need to do like a real adult - so many people do it , and
37,null,null,on my best days i can even pretend to be a real adult as well .
38,null,null,but with you here , lurking around my apartment without even helping with the vaguely overpriced rent , i can not seem to get anything done .
39,null,null,so if you could just , like , leave for a couple of days before i run out of clean underwear too , i would greatly appreciate it .
40,null,null,sincerely , a concerned citizen
863 19
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I used to know exactly what I wanted to do in life , but
2,null,null,now when I look foreword all I see is eventual suicide .
3,null,null,My whole life I have wanted to go enroll in Animal Studies at NYU to eventually get a degree in zoology .
4,null,null,It is been my dream for as long as I remember .
5,null,null,I was going to get good grades ,
6,null,null,get my driver is license at 16 ,
7,null,null,stay in shape , .
8,null,null,eat healthy , get married , have kids , earn enough scholarships most of my college was paid that for , and get a job that I loved
9,null,null,Basically be the perfect woman .
10,null,null,But now , everything seems so impossible .
11,null,null,I am currently failing most of my classes because I can not find the motivation to do assignments , which causes anxiety to wrack up even more than usual .
12,null,null,It is just been awful .
13,null,null,Anyways , when I try to look foreword once again that my young , stupid self had planned out when she was little , all I can see is .. nothing .
14,null,null,I just want to be clear that the only reason I am still on this earth is that I know suicide would crush my family .
15,null,null,I want help , I really do , but
16,null,null,my pride will not let me ask .
17,null,null,And even though I ( temporarily ) decided to live , the call of the peace after death still calls out to me .
18,null,null,It reminds me of our past flirting through the angry wounds criss - crossing my arms and the knife bloodied with my own blood under my mattress .
19,null,null,I just want , more than anything , for this pitiful excuse of an existence to end .
864 12
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Exercise will make you feel better !
2,null,null,Is what everyone says .
3,null,null,So I listened and .
4,null,null,signed up for a gym membership
5,null,null,Fast forward one year later , I have become *
6,null,null,so
7,null,null,* obsessed with the image of my body and being as thin as possible , I overexercised and
8,null,null,underate ,
9,null,null,so on top of my depression , I messed up my health
10,null,null,and I developed an eating disorder which is making me far more depressed .
11,null,null,It was not supposed to be this way .
12,null,null,I think I am about to lose my mind .
865 7
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Sometimes I wish I had cancer or something
2,null,null,so people would not expect anything of me
3,null,null,The bottom left of my ribcage hurts like a bruise
4,null,null,but there is no visible bruising or anything like that .
5,null,null,Been that way for a few days .
6,null,null,Here is to cancer and .
7,null,null,giving up boys
866 30
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,i Thanks to anyone who read this .
2,null,null,I can not feel any emotion : happiness , sadness , anger , nothing at all .
3,null,null,Just empty inside .
4,null,null,Usually i have something in my head , that keeps thoughts inside , but
5,null,null,now its nothing here except my inner voice .
6,null,null,If i imagine this , it looks like a big endless gray room with voiceless me and my clone somewhere in that room .
7,null,null,Sometimes i think i can cry , but
8,null,null,i can not even squeeze out a tear .
9,null,null,I can show emotions , but .
10,null,null,feel nothing inside
11,null,null,I can smile if someone makes joke , but
12,null,null,it is made up smile .
13,null,null,I do not think friends know more than i told them , but
14,null,null,i know there is something they hide from me .
15,null,null,I go to school , but
16,null,null,it " feels " like
17,null,null,everything just passes around me , like i do not exist .
18,null,null,I do not want anything , , but
19,null,null,just go to sleep and never wake up
20,null,null,it will not happen to me ..
21,null,null,I can not control anything .
22,null,null,When i eat , food does nt have any difference , it just fills void called hunger .
23,null,null,I can not remember anything happened to me last 4 days .
24,null,null,Is it bad memory or
25,null,null,nothing really happened to me ?
26,null,null,Days ago i had thoughts , good thoughts , bad thoughts , suicidal thoughts , but
27,null,null,they are gone now .
28,null,null,Same with feelings .
29,null,null,All i have now is emptiness .
30,null,null,It hurts so much .
867 14
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,What would you do ?
2,null,null,What do you do when your depressions effects you so much to the point you do not eat or
3,null,null,you over eat
4,null,null,, you do not sleep or you over sleep , you do not talk to anyone or .
5,null,null,pretend to want to be around people
6,null,null,What do you do when your depression does not allow you to be motivated and takes away all the enjoyment from your life that makes you happy , removing music , dancing and laughing in replace for dark rooms , teary eyes , and silence .
7,null,null,What do you do when you will not answer your phone being that only the bill collector is calling , cause you are not able to pay the credit that s pilling up that helps you survive , being that you can not work or can not make money cause of
8,null,null,no interest too cause of lack of motivation , cause the thoughts running through your head being that you can not talk to anyone , or that you will not , or that you are disappointed , or that you feel like a burden .
9,null,null,Now your phones off and
10,null,null,there is no call but the collector is there , no text this shit is not fair , so what is next ?
11,null,null,Social media ?
12,null,null,You can make it or
13,null,null,it can break you , driving you to want to do the very thing you try not to think of day by day because you do not know what to do .
14,null,null,What would you do ?
868 13
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Hi , I am 19 and new here .
2,null,null,I have suffered from acute depression for getting on for 18 months now .
3,null,null,I currently take Citalopram , having tried Fluoxetine
4,null,null,but it was not doing much good for me .
5,null,null,I self - harmed on - and - off from the age of 16 to 18 and .
6,null,null,have been stopped since last June
7,null,null,I recently became engaged ( on Boxing Day ! )
8,null,null,and last month emigrated to live with my fiance .
9,null,null,I have previously received some CBT for depression and OCD but
10,null,null,that stopped when I went to university in Sept 2005 .
11,null,null,My mental health deteriorated drastically whilst at university and
12,null,null,in December I made the decision to leave .
13,null,null,I am hoping that I will soon be able to get some counseling or other sort of psychological therapy here , and to start coming off my medication at some point soon , although I do not want to rush that as I do not want a relapse .
869 17
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Is this it ?
2,null,null,Is this really all there is ?
3,null,null,There is no escaping the struggle of human existence to just simply die and
4,null,null,it is all gone to time ?
5,null,null,Moments of happiness are fleeting and .
6,null,null,never last
7,null,null,Pain stays with us for longer .
8,null,null,Pain and chaos happen to all people .
9,null,null,Suffering is a widespread human emotion .
10,null,null,Why do we put on a masquerade amongst each other ?
11,null,null,Why put yourself through an existence of pain ?
12,null,null,How many lives have been lived in pain and ?
13,null,null,died in them
14,null,null,Nobody asks for an existence , it is thrust upon you .
15,null,null,What you do with it makes you who you are , but
16,null,null,what life does to you typically makes you live an existence of either easier happiness or rolling agony .
17,null,null,God it is such dirty bullshit .
870 14
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Why do I feel this ?
2,null,null,I have been suicidal and depressed for the longest time .
3,null,null,At first I could Control it and
4,null,null,lately it is taken over my life .
5,null,null,It is all I think about and
6,null,null,it is fucking hell .
7,null,null,I have lost all emotion other than sadness and depression .
8,null,null,I do not want to do this anymore .
9,null,null,If this is what the rest of my life is gon na be like then I do not want to live .
10,null,null,This is my lowest point in life .
11,null,null,I am so lonley and .
12,null,null,can not even keep my thoughts organized
13,null,null,It is a mess .
14,null,null,Please help me .
871 20
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Something i wrote during one of crying fits Bridges were burned Yet my heart
2,null,null,it still yearns Lessons
3,null,null,were learned Inside
4,null,null,I still burn Not a flame of love , nor an ember of passion
5,null,null,A blue flame lit , reminiscent of what I am lacking A lonely lit candle that pains my insides
6,null,null,Those tears of mine dried up , no longer can I cry New year , I am out of luck , anxious and somber here
7,null,null,I lie
8,null,null,I scratch
9,null,null,and I scratch , yet
10,null,null,numbness blocks out the feeling
11,null,null,There is no way to patch up , I am broken glass I am far from healing Empty conversations with people
12,null,null,I could not care less about I envy healthy relationships , ones that I could not have , no doubt Eyeballs that can not weep and screams without sounds
13,null,null,I am still depressed when people are around
14,null,null,Yet I am hard to read , I am one to bleed Waste time as I scroll through my social feeds Waste hours as thoughts take over
15,null,null,and I can not sleep
16,null,null,I can not compete
17,null,null,Yet I can not accept Looping like a gif in my head
18,null,null,The words you said Up until now
19,null,null,And from the day that we met .
20,null,null,If you read this thanks for reading .
872 21
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am looking for someone to help me to understand if the way i feel is normal growing up or am i depressed ?
2,null,null,It feels like my life is stuck in park
3,null,null,and i really want it to start driving again ,
4,null,null,like i had always planned it would .
5,null,null,You see i will be 28 soon
6,null,null,and i still live at home with my mom ( we get along great
7,null,null,and she is my best friend )
8,null,null,but i just can not afford to live on my own yet .
9,null,null,Fort Lauderdale is quite expensive ..
10,null,null,i just laid off from my job a month ago and
11,null,null,have been working with my mom to make some money
12,null,null,so i do not have to dip into savings ,
13,null,null,my boyfriend of almost 10 months is too busy for me
14,null,null,it seems
15,null,null,and i just feel like i am stuck ..
16,null,null,he is the one for me , but
17,null,null,i am not sure he feels the same for me ..
18,null,null,i have always wanted to get married and have the kids , but
19,null,null,it looks like that will never happen and
20,null,null,i feel so hopeless .. not sure how these chat things work ,
21,null,null,so hopefully someone will read this and want to talk or just tell me this is normal feeling ..
873 39
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,My goal in life is to finally feel safe I am at my boyfriends house .
2,null,null,Been here a few days .
3,null,null,I stay here every so often to escape my unstable home life , and
4,null,null,he s all I have .
5,null,null,I got a call from my dad .
6,null,null,My childhood dog had to be putdown .
7,null,null,Bone issues .
8,null,null,Everytime I think of anything that gives me anxiety I feel the need to pick at my skin .
9,null,null,My face is red and .
10,null,null,scabbed
11,null,null,I dissapoint everyone because I was the one destined to be smart and be the first ( family name ) with a degree and stable job .
12,null,null,I turn 18 next month .
13,null,null,No job experience .
14,null,null,I get my photo i d next week .
15,null,null,Its very late because my parents lost my birth certificate .
16,null,null,Set me back a lot .
17,null,null,My mum is suddenly rushing for me to get Centrelink ( welfare ) , so she can take half of each payment .
18,null,null,We barely have food in the house most days because she uses her welfare on cigs and bills .
19,null,null,I feel like I do nothing .
20,null,null,Everyday is just nothing .
21,null,null,In bed , video games , browsing internet , sex , video games , sad music and alcohol .
22,null,null,Rinse and .
23,null,null,repeat
24,null,null,No joy .
25,null,null,I want a social life and a hobby .
26,null,null,I want a job .
27,null,null,I want to not feel like i m just laying down while everything falls apart on top of me .
28,null,null,I want to feel safe and happy and like I give back and help people .
29,null,null,I do nt want to waste my life .
30,null,null,I do nt know why
31,null,null,but I keep feeling like I am going to die soon .
32,null,null,I do nt want to
33,null,null,but its in my head .
34,null,null,I do nt want anxiety
35,null,null,and i do nt want to be pathetic
36,null,null,and i do nt want to be scared
37,null,null,and i do nt want to be bored
38,null,null,and i do nt want people hate me
39,null,null,and i want to know what to do
874 22
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I Saw Someone Jump
2,null,null,Today I was driving over the main bridge in my city this afternoon .
3,null,null,This bridge has been used before .
4,null,null,I was driving downtown
5,null,null,and I noticed someone on the opposite side of the railing .
6,null,null,My girlfriend was in the passenger seat and .
7,null,null,before I could say anything to her
8,null,null,They were gone .
9,null,null,I did not get to see their face
10,null,null,and if I did I think it would have destroyed me .
11,null,null,I crossed the bridge , .
12,null,null,pulled over and called the police
13,null,null,I wish I could have helped , yelled something , gotten out of my car .
14,null,null,I do not know .
15,null,null,I did not even know her
16,null,null,but I feel as though I have lost someone close .
17,null,null,I struggle with depression myself
18,null,null,and I just wish I could have talked to her ,
19,null,null,I know we could have related on some level .
20,null,null,That almost excites me , getting to relate to someone , even over something sad ,
21,null,null,to just feel that .
22,null,null,Thanks for listening .
875 17
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Working 9 - 5 ai not no way to make a living .
2,null,null,So ignoring the pun , I seriously have no interests in what carreer I want when I am older
3,null,null,( i m 17 , kicked out of collage )
4,null,null,I do not know if this is he depression
5,null,null,but after working overtime on my shitty Saturday job I have had 5days work in a row and without sounding like a lazy cunt who has never worked .
6,null,null,I genuinely have never been so fucking depressed , all I have done is wake up at 8 .
7,null,null,Work all day , not said a word to anyone been depressed all day , got in , all my mates are out enjoying summer and do not speak to me or anything .
8,null,null,I usually get in at about 6 pm
9,null,null,I eat tea then
10,null,null,shower then do nothing for a few hours until I go to bed and repeat .
11,null,null,Without sounding too dramatic , I can not do this for the rest of my life .
12,null,null,I do not want to work .
13,null,null,I know you have to
14,null,null,but why ?
15,null,null,I do not want to do something I do not want to do , I do not understand why the world is this way and it makes me super fucking depressed .
16,null,null,I have no hobbies
17,null,null,and I just feel like pure shit .
876 13
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I do not have the motivation for anything anymore .
2,null,null,I just do not .
3,null,null,Not even for the things that i love .
4,null,null,I have always struggled with depression , i have had it for like 6 years now .
5,null,null,But lately for some reason it has gotten really bad , to the point that i can not even live my life anymore .
6,null,null,I can not concentrate on school , i do not feel like talking to people , i do not feel like replying to messages .
7,null,null,I do not even feel like crying anymore , i just feel like a mess .
8,null,null,All i do everyday now is listen to music , .
9,null,null,listen to music and daydream
10,null,null,Daydream of all the things that i really want to do , but
11,null,null,i just can not find the motivation to actually do .
12,null,null,I feel lost .
13,null,null,I really do not even know where i stand anymore .
877 21
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,When someone shouts at me , I cry and .
2,null,null,can not stop it I am definitely deleting this thread later
3,null,null,& amp;nbsp
4,null,null,;
5,null,null,Basically , for as long as I can remember I have always cried when someone shouts at me .
6,null,null,I think its because my dad used to get really angry often but who knows .
7,null,null,Any idea on how to stop this ?
8,null,null,Today I cried and
9,null,null,I have not cried that intensively for years .
10,null,null,I could not even stop it after the person stopped shouting at me .
11,null,null,It continued for like 10 minutes after .
12,null,null,They must think i m reallyy weird and weak .. & ;
13,null,null,amp;nbsp
14,null,null,Anyways , how are you all ?
15,null,null,I have been more moody lately which is both good and bad .
16,null,null,Good because I have usually just been soo numb though .
17,null,null,& amp;nbsp ; Edit : thank you everyone for reading and actually posting to help AND sharing your own experiences .
18,null,null,I wo nt delete this because this helps me a lot .
19,null,null,Thanks and .
20,null,null,feel free to keep posting if you guys want
21,null,null,I will read them all
878 14
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Why would people keep telling me you are a good person , I do not feel like I am a good person .
2,null,null,Yesterday my best friend sent me a text telling me you are a good person , you will find someone .
3,null,null,All I could think was no
4,null,null,I do not want to find just someone
5,null,null,, I wanna be with someone who resembles the guy I can not forget .
6,null,null,Not anybody will do and .
7,null,null,if I am such a good person he would have stayed friends with me
8,null,null,My mother said everyone I am close with or knows me well including my aunt , relatives all of them wants me to take care of someone either their own daughter meaning my aunts and then other cases my elder sister because they could see I have a good heart
9,null,null,but then she ended the conversation with when you have a lover / boyfriend
10,null,null,you will forget about me , about us .
11,null,null,Which judging by past experiences her words has some truth in it .
12,null,null,In my mind all of this is some kind of a cosmic joke because I do not think I would find someone like him who would be interested in me .
13,null,null,This leads to nowhere
14,null,null,, I feel so sick and tired of it all already their expectations and my lack of motivation to improve myself and poor sense of self - worth .
879 6
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I did it bois This time
2,null,null,forreal lmfao .
3,null,null,I am happy , laughing and grinning for the first time , genuinely out of happiness and not memes / jokes for like over 9 months .
4,null,null,It is kinda sad that I depend so much on other people , but
5,null,null,I think my best friend cured my depression .
6,null,null,Honestly got in an enlightening convo with him , I feel really really really great !
880 14
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I think I am in an abusive friendship
2,null,null,and I do not know what to do .
3,null,null,One of my close friends with borderline has been constantly reinforcing and .
4,null,null,triggering my social anxiety
5,null,null,Everything is apparently all my fault , always , Apparently everyone ( whatever that means ) says I am nuts
6,null,null,, I m controlling , blah blah .
7,null,null,She tried to rediagonse my depression as a narcissistic personality disorder .
8,null,null,There is a laundry list of things that have been said to me .
9,null,null,It is making me feel useless and sad and reinforcing the notion that no matter how hard I try I will never be good enough , that maybe I deserve to be alone , etc .
10,null,null,I feel like I am going to have to either let her continue to talk to me like this or stand up for myself and lose her as a friend .
11,null,null,While the latter option gives me the peace of mind to think it is not me , that I had enough self worth to stand up for myself and not cave to my friends abusive reinforcement , I really do not want to lose her as a friend .
12,null,null,I just do not know what to do , she usually does not listen to me anyways .
13,null,null,I do not know , maybe I am just a dirtbag .
14,null,null,Does anyone have any thoughts as to how to get out of this cycle ?
881 23
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,My SO has panic disorder and
2,null,null,it is making me depressed .
3,null,null,My SO has been diagnosed for now with panic disorder ( waiting on health monitor results to check to see if it is not something else )
4,null,null,The last couple of months have been really hard .
5,null,null,He has overtime gotten more worried about his health and
6,null,null,every time is convinced that it is cancer or something else deadly .
7,null,null,He can spend hours on google about a discomfort he feels and freaks out because webmd says it one thing and
8,null,null,another site says something else .
9,null,null,He checks his heart rate every 15 minutes because he downloaded an app on his phone .
10,null,null,I have taken him to the er multiple times in the past couple of months and
11,null,null,each time they say that is nothing is wrong
12,null,null,he is just having bad panic attacks .
13,null,null,He will not believe them because then he will go on reddit and see stories of people being misdiagnosed .
14,null,null,I am convinced he is a hypochondriac .
15,null,null,We can not go about one day without him saying he does not feel good .
16,null,null,It is hard to enjoy myself whenever we go out because I am just waiting for him to say something about not feeling good
17,null,null,so we can just leave wherever we are at .
18,null,null,I do not know how to fully support him through this .
19,null,null,When he freaks out and .
20,null,null,wants to call the ambulance I do not know if I should let him knowing that they are just gon na say he is fine or tell him that it is in his head and make him feel like I am not taking him seriously
21,null,null,I feel bad for feeling this way .
22,null,null,But it is making me depressed .
23,null,null,I do not know how to go about this .
882 15
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Girlfriend on antidepressants no affection
2,null,null,Hi everyone , my GF of 2 years has been on antidepressants for about 15 months , there is a definite lack of sex drive since then , but
3,null,null,I understand that can be a side affect
4,null,null,and she is acknowledged it
5,null,null,and we have spoke about it .
6,null,null,But sex itself is not really the issue .
7,null,null,There is a distinct lack of affection .
8,null,null,We never make out .
9,null,null,Or really kiss unless I initiate it .
10,null,null,Or hug much .
11,null,null,It makes me feel shitty and lonely when I am consistently the one pulling her in for a hug etc .
12,null,null,I have spoken to her about it
13,null,null,and she gets defensive and .
14,null,null,says she gives me plenty of affection and makes it seem like I have got a problem
15,null,null,I am just wondering whether anyone has any thoughts on if this is also a side affect or whether lack of affection is completely down to her as an individual ?
883 12
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I had really bad anxiety attacks
2,null,null,/ panic attacks when I am on the first couple days of my period .
3,null,null,I mean bad ..
4,null,null,to the point of having to stay home from school for 2 - 3 days .
5,null,null,I would be in so much pain and extremely depressed and so many other symptoms .
6,null,null,I found that when I got on birth control .. around 5 months on it , they stopped being so horrible .
7,null,null,I do still have to watch my diet around the time though ..
8,null,null,my blood sugar gets extremely low and
9,null,null,I pass out and shake a lot .
10,null,null,I would say maybe talk to your doctor about birth control ..
11,null,null,it was a lifesaver for me .
12,null,null,I just wanted to rip my danged uterus out !
884 8
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Drowning in a sea of sadness
2,null,null,When will life ever get better ?
3,null,null,Everyday just seems to get worse .
4,null,null,I struggle to find any meaning in the things I do because they all seem to be worthless .
5,null,null,I am already losing my will to live .
6,null,null,The anxieties , loneliness , and insecurities are all suffocating me .
7,null,null,I just want this suffering to end .
8,null,null,But , somehow , I can never save myself from drowning in this sea of depression .
885 17
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Finding help Dealing with problems by yourself is hard .
2,null,null,I can not go to my family with my problems , they are in denial .
3,null,null,My family is wealthy , I have a good job , I am getting my degree in math and .
4,null,null,kicking ass at it too
5,null,null,Nobody fucking believes me , thst
6,null,null,20 year olds like me can have problems I just need someone to talk to
7,null,null,I guess .
8,null,null,I ve been depressed and but .
9,null,null,had bad anxiety before ,
10,null,null,not to the point where it is now where I have attacks at work and even tear up sometimes
11,null,null,I feel like I am going crazy .
12,null,null,It is all because of one girl .
13,null,null,Amazing what one beautiful women can do to you .
14,null,null,We talk everyday
15,null,null,but I can not help but .
16,null,null,feel like she thinks I am a joke
17,null,null,The worst part is , I work with her ..
886 15
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I can not make it better
2,null,null,I am tired of nearly every aspect of my life .
3,null,null,Changing it for the better would require money .
4,null,null,To get money you have to work .
5,null,null,Work is boring and tedious and .
6,null,null,makes me miserable
7,null,null,That goes for any job I could realistically obtain .
8,null,null,I can not do more than part time .
9,null,null,I will never have the kind of money it would take to change my life in ways that might make me happier .
10,null,null,There is no point to life
11,null,null,so why suffer through the misery and hardship ?
12,null,null,I want to die
13,null,null,but I can not kill myself .
14,null,null,I will never have the nerve .
15,null,null,I feel stuck .
887 37
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I really wanted to go to the chat room today .
2,null,null,but I am at work and
3,null,null,I do not think these computers allow it .
4,null,null,I just really need someone to talk to .
5,null,null,I am so sick of being this unsatisfied brat
6,null,null,I just got a new job doing what i went to school for , and
7,null,null,I hate it .
8,null,null,I feel like such a fake ..
9,null,null,so pointless .
10,null,null,i feel like no matter what i do
11,null,null,it does not matter I am always going to be unhappy like the grass is always going to be greener where I am not .
12,null,null,I have taken personality tests and
13,null,null,they say this is my personality .
14,null,null,i do not want this personality .
15,null,null,i want to be happy like other people .
16,null,null,well i say other people , but
17,null,null,to be honest
18,null,null,i do not know anyone that i would consider happy .
19,null,null,everyone just seems to go on with life just kind of doing what they are supposed
20,null,null,to i think happiness is a lie .
21,null,null,the only people i know that seem to be okay are alcoholics and druggies .
22,null,null,so you know they are not really ok .
23,null,null,lately i have just been trying to fill the huge empty hole that my life is .
24,null,null,it is such a load of crap .
25,null,null,my husband says he loves life
26,null,null,but he can not go one day without smoking stuff or drinking a 6 pack
27,null,null,and i just want to scream at him LIAR .
28,null,null,and he tells to appreciate it because one day its going to end .
29,null,null,and you know what , i know he is right , but
30,null,null,i find myself thinking that that would be such a weight off my shoulders no pain
31,null,null,no worries no hassles no nothing .
32,null,null,just over .
33,null,null,just done with all this stupid bullshit and the lies .
34,null,null,somewhere i learned that life is supposed to be easy once you reach a certain point or succeed at certain things .
35,null,null,but that is so wrong ! !
36,null,null,life will never be easy i will always be dealing with this crap and that makes me so sad and
37,null,null,so wishing i were dead .
888 20
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I feel as though eventually I am going to kill myself
2,null,null,I have told a couple friends this .
3,null,null,They have told me that I need to see my therapist more , and that I need to get back on my meds .
4,null,null,But what if I am content with this thought ?
5,null,null,I do not remember the last time I was truly happy .
6,null,null,At best I am content .
7,null,null,Most of the time though I am in a shitty mood .
8,null,null,I do not really give a fuck anymore that people might be upset that I would commit suicide .
9,null,null,I definitely do not give a fuck when people get worried when I say that I am gon na do it eventually .
10,null,null,It is what is .
11,null,null,I am not happy , I never will be .
12,null,null,When I tell my therapist that I will never be happy
13,null,null,he asks me if I can predict the future .
14,null,null,Obviously I fucking can not but
15,null,null,if the last 15 years have been any indication of what my happiness is gon na be then it ai not gon na get any better With
16,null,null,all of that said , and
17,null,null,here I go contradicting myself , but all of what I have just previously wrote scares the absolute shit out of me .
18,null,null,I am terrified that I am starting to give less of a fuck .
19,null,null,Also , while I do not think I will ever truly be happy , I still have hope that I will be one day .
20,null,null,But it is not looking good
889 10
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Does anyone else feel like this ?
2,null,null,Do you know that feeling where you just feel .. lost ?
3,null,null,You feel trapped in a world that you did not want to be in , .
4,null,null,forced to try and functional like a normal member of society
5,null,null,You want to die , but
6,null,null,you are so conflicted about death .
7,null,null,You are conflicted about everything .
8,null,null,You can not decide whether it would be better to feel nothing or to let out all your emotions .
9,null,null,You procrastinate so much , because it all feels so worthless .
10,null,null,Happiness lasts a few minutes , but rarely through an entire day .
890 38
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,When I am lying in my bed , I think about life , and
2,null,null,I think about death ,
3,null,null,And neither one particularly appeals to me
4,null,null,Nowhere Fast - The Smiths
5,null,null,This is me in one sentence .
6,null,null,Nothing matters .
7,null,null,I literally could not give a shit if i live or die .
8,null,null,What does it matter .
9,null,null,We are just a tiny flash on a rock flying through space .
10,null,null,We do not mean shit .
11,null,null,I do not mean shit .
12,null,null,Life does not mean JACK FUCKING SHIT .
13,null,null,I am not even sad .
14,null,null,I am just totally numb .
15,null,null,Happiness , sadness .
16,null,null,Does not exist .
17,null,null,Love , hate .
18,null,null,Does not exist .
19,null,null,Reason , meaning .
20,null,null,Does not exist .
21,null,null,We waste our short time on this world then we die .
22,null,null,That is it .
23,null,null,So why should I give a shit either way .
24,null,null,I could kill myself right now .
25,null,null,Would it change anything ?
26,null,null,Not really .
27,null,null,I could go and , and
28,null,null,get help , Meds and stuff
29,null,null,I could probably be " happy "
30,null,null,if I tried hard enough .
31,null,null,Would it change anything ?
32,null,null,Not really .
33,null,null,When nothing has any meaning then why should I do anything ?
34,null,null,I do not particularly WANT to die .
35,null,null,But I see no reason to waste even more effort trying to live .
36,null,null,It is a weird situation , but
37,null,null,like I said before .
38,null,null,I literally could not give a shit .
891 22
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I lost a friend
2,null,null,I just graduated high school and
3,null,null,all throughout high school I have struggled with depression and anxiety .
4,null,null,At my school , there was this really cute girl who I had a crush on .
5,null,null,She was in two of my classes
6,null,null,and I got know her pretty well .
7,null,null,Although she was kind of out of my league and
8,null,null,I could tell she was not into me romantically
9,null,null,, I never minded just being her friend because she is really sweet and mature compared to most other people at my school .
10,null,null,It made me really happy to spend time with her and made my day so much better at school even if it was just walking in the hall for a few minutes .
11,null,null,Most of my mental health issues came from school related things and
12,null,null,when I was with her I would totally forget about all that stuff .
13,null,null,Unfortunately , sometime towards the end of the school year , she started dating another guy and
14,null,null,after that she did not really seem interested in being my friend .
15,null,null,Now it is summer
16,null,null,and I have tried to keep in touch with her .
17,null,null,I send her snapchats sometimes but
18,null,null,she usually leaves me on open .
19,null,null,I hate seeing pictures of them together .
20,null,null,I want to tell her how I feel and that I wish I could be her friend still
21,null,null,but I am worried it will just create a bad situation .
22,null,null,I really do not know what to do .
892 20
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I [ 18F ] finally feel like i am getting better
2,null,null,I was diagnosed with depression about 4 years ago .
3,null,null,Honestly every single day for the past 5 years I have debated killing myself , I tried a few times
4,null,null,but I was unsuccessful .
5,null,null,Really I was down in a hole , could not seem to find an escape .
6,null,null,My parents tried their best but .
7,null,null,were at a loss
8,null,null,Finally , I met A [ 18 M ]
9,null,null,last september
10,null,null,and we started dating in July .
11,null,null,And he has been the most supportive person i have ever met , .
12,null,null,would take days off of work to take care of me when I was too sad
13,null,null,, would help me talk through things ,
14,null,null,told me why he loved me and that the flaws did not matter to him
15,null,null,He is the absolute best
16,null,null,and I have not even thought about suicide for the past three months .
17,null,null,It gets better , I was really lost , was hoping i would die and I found my cure .
18,null,null,Maybe your cure will not be someone else , maybe it will be medicine or yourself but .
19,null,null,please do not give up because i would have regretted it so much
20,null,null,The world has so much more to offer
893 12
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Had a good dream , then I woke up Last night
2,null,null,I had a really good dream .
3,null,null,The type of dream that makes you think fuck it , maybe I will not kill myself .
4,null,null,I was with someone ,
5,null,null,probably an s / o ,
6,null,null,and there was not anything going on but
7,null,null,everything was at peace .
8,null,null,Then my grandmother woke me up for a breakfast that everyone argued over , even with a goddamn three year old .
9,null,null,Nothing changed , I just had a bullshit dream that will never really happen .
10,null,null,Small rant , but
11,null,null,the friend
12,null,null,I normally talk to is asleep or busy .
894 47
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,How are you ?
2,null,null,I am not okay .
3,null,null,I am in a kind of adverse situation , my thoughts are all over the place
4,null,null,and I really do not know how to break this cycle .
5,null,null,Basically what happened was that a few days ago , I sent my best friend a message before school , saying that I would not attend classes because I was not feeling too well , that I felt like giving up and that , in case I also would not have been at school the following day
6,null,null,, I had probably killed myself .
7,null,null,I was not joking .
8,null,null,Sometimes I get these sort of impulses , most likely caused by me being overwhelmed by my emotions , my thoughts , and .
9,null,null,as a result of that , it feels as though I lose my common sense , my ability to think rationally
10,null,null,My thought patterns become unpredictable , but
11,null,null,so far I have managed to not act on them , or else I would not be writing this right now .
12,null,null,Currently they have been happening a lot more frequently than usual and
13,null,null,that seriously freaks me out because during those times death seems like such a good solution to my problems .
14,null,null,So , back to the story .
15,null,null,Obviously , my friend got really concerned and .
16,null,null,encouraged me to come to her place because she would been staying at home that day
17,null,null,BUT she also contacted my mom , which I did not know until hours later , and but
18,null,null,told her that I was not at school and made a concerning remark ,
19,null,null,I do not know exactly .
20,null,null,My mom started to call me like every minute
21,null,null,and I started to panic because I thought a teacher had called her ,
22,null,null,so I did not pick up any of her calls .
23,null,null,I spent the rest of the day with my friend , but .
24,null,null,called my mom in the afternoon
25,null,null,She asked my where I was
26,null,null,and it sounded like she was crying
27,null,null,and I told her that I was at my friends place , but .
28,null,null,after that she declined the call
29,null,null,That night I slept at my dads place , my mom called him and .
30,null,null,told him that she did not care anymore about what I was doing and that kind of hit me
31,null,null,It was the last thing I wanted to hear in that situation .
32,null,null,I just do not know what to do .
33,null,null,I really do feel miserable .
34,null,null,My friend is beating herself up because she thinks it is all her fault
35,null,null,and I do not know
36,null,null,, I just feel bad for feeling bad , if you know what I mean .
37,null,null,That message was a cry of help in a kind of way
38,null,null,and I do not understand why my mom reacted the way she did .
39,null,null,It just makes me think that maybe everyone is really better off without me .
40,null,null,I have been depressed for nearly five years now , but
41,null,null,my mom never really paid attention to it and just marked me down as lazy .
42,null,null,I have been doing great for a good six months in 2017 , but
43,null,null,then somebody really important to me , somebody that kept me going , passed away in December and since then everything had taken a turn for the worse .
44,null,null,Life has become so hard for me , I am sleeping the days away because I can not bear the thoughts , the guilt , because I am too much of a coward to face reality .
45,null,null,I am trying
46,null,null,, I really am , but
47,null,null,no matter what I do , this feeling , this feeling that eradicates my will to live , remains .
895 56
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I guess I am writing because I do not know how to think or feel at this period .
2,null,null,I feel that I have hurt a lot of people by having my depression , especially my parents .
3,null,null,I have not phoned them in 2 weeks
4,null,null,, I just do not have the courage to talk to them .
5,null,null,I guess they feel that I blame them for my condition .
6,null,null,Same with my remaining 2 sisters .
7,null,null,Dang what a situation
8,null,null,I have put myself in !
9,null,null,I still have a group of friends that like me a lot , but
10,null,null,I have not told them about suffering from depression .
11,null,null,I hide it inside and
12,null,null,either act in anxious way
13,null,null,or I do solitary activities such as write poems , .
14,null,null,play the piano or swim
15,null,null,I guess the main embuggerance is that I finding the third year of my course a real struggle at the best of times , but having understanding tutors and talking to doctors that have depression help .
16,null,null,I do not know why things have turned out the way things are , why I struggle with anything remotely challenging , but
17,null,null,I guess that will never be explained .
18,null,null,Sometimes i feel frustrated with the way things have turned and
19,null,null,I can do very little to change the current of of my present situation .
20,null,null,I feel kind of sick with stuff at the moment .
21,null,null,Not that I am assuming a victim complex , but
22,null,null,just that in all the poems I write about , I always seek a sanctuary from the business aspect of life , you know
23,null,null,the dog eat dog
24,null,null,, go compete with others to get a job and survive for the next 55 years of my projected lifespan .
25,null,null,Yeah pretty heady thoughts I am having !
26,null,null,I guess I am just scared of the future .
27,null,null,I do not know how to survive , I kind of want to blank the future out .
28,null,null,I guess all in all , I want to live a simple life and be decent to others .
29,null,null,I would like the people I meet in the future to say hey that Haymond guy was a splendid fellow who really loved people and would go out of his way to help them , because he could .
30,null,null,But than an inner anxiety knows that I have hurt people from withdrawing into myself and by depression is virtue being too self indulgent .
31,null,null,That hurts the most , knowing I hurt people from my depression .
32,null,null,I never intended to harm anyone or be this way .
33,null,null,If I could smile and , but
34,null,null,be happy I would
35,null,null,I can only show the scars of my mental pain as a testament to self torment .
36,null,null,Do not get me wrong , I smile sometimes and , but
37,null,null,even rejoice in the company of those friends in normal health
38,null,null,I guess I feel rejected .
39,null,null,Self rejection and
40,null,null,by that of the stigma of the people of the same age I encounter on campus and at home .
41,null,null,I want this to stop I guess .
42,null,null,I want a placebo pill that will transport me to the Elysium fields , because sometimes reality is a bugger to experience .
43,null,null,I guess the main message is that I want respite from this life , some form of relief and rest , where I will achieve or obtain this elusive elixir of peace .
44,null,null,But I am here , still standing , still finding a lot of life a challenge , still merging into a crowd of people who are too proud to admit that sometimes things may be too much .
45,null,null,Who am I and ..
46,null,null,what am I doing here
47,null,null,I have not a faintest clue .
48,null,null,Yeah , I am scared of defeat , of a battered ego that even a shred of self esteem that I had will be allowed to fly in the fresh wind .
49,null,null,Its sounds like I am asking for love ..
50,null,null,I guess I am .
51,null,null,Also that I would love some help , and
52,null,null,in no small measure I have requested that help from doctors and therapists and talked to you my dear friends .
53,null,null,But I find it extremely hard to help myself , to make amends with the very mind that hurts me so .
54,null,null,I do not know what to think is what I wrote at the top of the blog , now seems apt to include it in the conclusion .
55,null,null,I guess spilling my emotions has made me feel somewhat dizzy !
56,null,null,I guess I will wander , spinning round in circles until I get what the whole dang thing of life is all about .
896 31
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,My best is not enough .
2,null,null,Ok , so here is the situation : I broke up with my ex five months ago .
3,null,null,As soon as we ended our thing , I started running everyday , eating healthy food only , and going to the gym .
4,null,null,1h30min of HEAVY exercise everyday .
5,null,null,I did this until this very day .
6,null,null,I lost fucking 15 kg
7,null,null,( my weight at the start was 90 kg , now 75 kg ) .
8,null,null,I also bought green contact lenses to wear , and .
9,null,null,even sunbathe
10,null,null,I invested so much time ( and money ) to improve myself and look amazing and no .
11,null,null,one .
12,null,null,noticed . !
13,null,null,I look at the mirror and
14,null,null,I am happy with my results .
15,null,null,Then , the moment I exit my house : BOOM .
16,null,null,4 months thrown into the trash .
17,null,null,No one cares .
18,null,null,It makes no difference .
19,null,null,The women I am attracted still do not find me attractive .
20,null,null,It pisses me off how I imagine they will not survive just one week of my training .
21,null,null,They can not see how hard I worked to change .
22,null,null,I downloaded Tinder , even saw my EX there , wrote a BIO describing myself ( I still find myself interesting .
23,null,null,People , do not ) and
24,null,null,I got nearly 0 matches .
25,null,null,Now I am stuck in an Alcohol /Cigarette / Party / OneNightStandGirls loop
26,null,null,and I can not get out of it .
27,null,null,I drink so much that I can not even remember some things .
28,null,null,I have fun , yes .
29,null,null,But I want to have a connection with someone again .
30,null,null,Is it asking too much ?
31,null,null,Why people do not give a chance to know me ? ?
897 24
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Driving back home from dropping my cousins off , I began to think about my future actions .
2,null,null,I am fully committed to this .
3,null,null,I know that when I start , there is no going back .
4,null,null,If I do not succeed , if this becomes a botched suicide attempt , there really will be no life after that .
5,null,null,My parents will hate me .
6,null,null,My friends will leave me or .
7,null,null,treat me with kid gloves
8,null,null,Either way , I suffer even more than I suffer now .
9,null,null,It does not seem possible that my suffering can grow but
10,null,null,I know that if I do not continue or succeed , it will .
11,null,null,I honest to goodness do not know what is wrong with me .
12,null,null,I mean , why do I have to feel like this ?
13,null,null,Nothing I have done to make things right with myself has helped .
14,null,null,Things just keep getting worse for me .
15,null,null,Before , I let it go because I understood that the bad needs to happen before the good .
16,null,null,That you have to have the bad with the good .
17,null,null,I kept on waiting for the good .
18,null,null,I did not expect sunshine and rainbows but
19,null,null,I expected some sort of light , even a tiny bit .
20,null,null,I expected a slight reprieve from the evil , dark thoughts swirling in my mind .
21,null,null,No .
22,null,null,Everything just seemed to worsen with time , with me .
23,null,null,They say that time heals
24,null,null,all wounds but time has just worsened mine .
898 23
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I think things could get better I just recently posted about how I thought all things were awful and ranted about feelings and stuff , and well , idk
2,null,null,what came over me
3,null,null,but I think things may get better ?
4,null,null,At least I hope so !
5,null,null,It is long overdue if it does , but
6,null,null,I guess I can not complain .
7,null,null,I feel a sense of hope I have not felt in a long time .
8,null,null,I hope this feeling lasts ..
9,null,null,I hope everyone is doing well
10,null,null,, please be safe
11,null,null,& lt;3
12,null,null,I tried something last night that I am ashamed of now ..
13,null,null,I thought it would make things better and
14,null,null,as I tried I was overcome with regret .
15,null,null,Please do not ever do something you will regret .
16,null,null,Or anything stupid for that matter .
17,null,null,Life your life as if it was your last .
18,null,null,Your life was given to you for a reason , do not end it yourself .
19,null,null,It is a gift ..
20,null,null,things will get better ..
21,null,null,just got ta be patient .
22,null,null,Thank you to all those who responded to my last post , it really means a lot .
23,null,null,It showed me I am not alone in this , it helped me a lot .
899 34
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Here is my answer to your age question .
2,null,null,Sadly , I am 29 years old : sniffle1 : .
3,null,null,Do not get me wrong
4,null,null,I do not want to be completely alone for the rest of my life .
5,null,null,There is a sentimental part of me that yearns for companionship with a guy , but
6,null,null,I have such a tall hurdle to overcome before I can even get to that yet .
7,null,null,Yeah ,
8,null,null,but I can relate to the peace and quiet thing by myself .
9,null,null,It really is such a luxury nowadays ( personally speaking ) .
10,null,null,One thing I reflected on was that I live in a family of 8 people , and maybe that is why I feel so claustrophobic and irritable around lots of people .
11,null,null,Essentially , there is no secure privacy , really .
12,null,null,Yup , like you I used to live independently when I went to school .
13,null,null,I am on a bit of a break right now , but .
14,null,null,will go back in September where I will share an apartment with a roommate I do not know
15,null,null,Right now , I am mooching off my parents ' food and shelter .
16,null,null,At age 29 , I feel like a little child .
17,null,null,And by the way , I am unemployed too .
18,null,null,I tried all summer to land a job , but .
19,null,null,in vain
20,null,null,I only worked one day for Elections Canada , and
21,null,null,that was it .
22,null,null,Oh well , a paycheck is a paycheck ,
23,null,null,right ?
24,null,null,The thing is , I can not stand living with somebody I hardly know either .
25,null,null,Sometimes I just do not want to greet somebody at breakfast , or
26,null,null,say a polite '
27,null,null,hello , how are you , or " .
28,null,null,how was your day ?
29,null,null,When I battle depression and social anxiety , I really really need the comfort of familiar people around me at times .
30,null,null,The last thing I need is a complete stranger sharing my quarters .
31,null,null,But , it is something I can not help .
32,null,null,I will probably isolate myself in my room for a while .
33,null,null,At least I get cable TV and the internet .
34,null,null,Then again , I will probably become a complete hermit during the school year .
900 18
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,So depressed that I developed disassociation .
2,null,null,So I am going to bed after posting thus
3,null,null,so sorry if I do not respond right away .
4,null,null,I am 32 .
5,null,null,My short and sweet backstory is that I lost the love of my life because of alcoholism and depression .
6,null,null,The way we broke up was the worst thing to happen to any person .
7,null,null,She basically called the police on her way home from work , had me put in jail for a week on false charges and
8,null,null,since I moved out of the state
9,null,null,I could not call my family while I was incarcerated and
10,null,null,charges eventually dropped .
11,null,null,It broke me so terribly that I literally split personalities .
12,null,null,I have the me that stares deep into the darkness all the time and the me that deals with and tries to make sense of the aftermath .
13,null,null,Every time that person takes over I feel a part of me being lost .
14,null,null,In a way it us insanely scary that depression can eventually turn into this .
15,null,null,For the record Yea I do see a psychiatrist , a therapist and .
16,null,null,have a great support system
17,null,null,It just sucks because even with all that I am losing thus battle .
18,null,null,Thanks for reading .
901 37
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I have no idea where to start
2,null,null,so I am going to begin at the beginning .
3,null,null,I have somehow managed to hit rock bottom again as far as emotions go .
4,null,null,I should be happy .
5,null,null,I am about to graduate from school , ok
6,null,null,so I am middle aged and overweight ,
7,null,null,but hey I am in school .. again .
8,null,null,I should be happy I have over 12 years of sobriety , i am a certified health care provider , and
9,null,null,I have a teen daughter most people do not think is possible to have we still like to spend time with each other ..
10,null,null,apparently this is a lost art for teens and parents
11,null,null,I am utterly convinced that everyone of my classmates is afraid of me
12,null,null,and they all want me gone
13,null,null,I am unable to look myself in the face without wanting to vomit
14,null,null,I feel afraid , hopeless
15,null,null,, lost every time I get close to achieving a goal I have worked hard for I go into this self destruct
16,null,null,mode
17,null,null,I do my level best to sabotage myself like
18,null,null,now I should be working on a resume , a cover letter , and a portfolio as well as studying for a very hard test
19,null,null,but here I am on the computer trying to figure out if I am a whiner or in deep trouble the thing that made me sit down and write
20,null,null,was the thought that crossed my mind on the way home .
21,null,null,I thought how much better my daughter is life would be without me around
22,null,null,she could go live with my sister and
23,null,null,never have to worry about money or a roof over her head or being able to have a good prom night
24,null,null,she could be happy and
25,null,null,never have to worry about me again
26,null,null,my roommate would be better off so
27,null,null,would my family I am not even sure at this moment if I am serious about wanting to be done with it all or if it is my sabotage mode
28,null,null,this is so stupid I was abused for most of my life .
29,null,null,you can think of it
30,null,null,it was probably done to me and
31,null,null,now there is no one to abuse me
32,null,null,but me , I am picking up where they left off Stupid ..
33,null,null,no ?
34,null,null,and to top it off my email is about to be cut off because it is pay that or feed the kid so if anyone wants to reply to me they can email me at xx
35,null,null,, I am using a friend is email for the next month
36,null,null,I feel dumb doing THIS , but
37,null,null,I am really freaked here and could use an ear or two to bend
902 93
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Depressed ?
2,null,null,Or Just in a Bad Rut ?
3,null,null,( Long Post )
4,null,null,I have never really felt like I have had depression before .
5,null,null,I am turning 24 at the end of the week , and
6,null,null,this is the first time I have honestly wondered about myself .
7,null,null,Usually , I am pretty happy about things , and
8,null,null,my outlook on life has always been realistically positive .
9,null,null,But , lately , I just feel absolutely lost .
10,null,null,And this morning , after I got off of work , I sat and .
11,null,null,cried
12,null,null,I am not much of crier at all , and .
13,null,null,the only other time I have cried in the last ten years has been at an uncle
14,null,null,is funeral recently
15,null,null,This past summer , for me , was a pretty great time .
16,null,null,I was in a relationship with a girl who really made me happy , more than any other one had before .
17,null,null,I seemed to be having fun every weekend , whether with her or with some friends of mine or family .
18,null,null,I had a lot on the horizon , and .
19,null,null,a lot to look forward to
20,null,null,I was getting ready to finish up my degree , and
21,null,null,it seemed like things were going in the right direction .
22,null,null,The only thing that was a problem then was that my job was a third shift job , but
23,null,null,it was 3 days a week , and usually 11 - 13 hour shifts , meaning I had time to do stuff outside of it .
24,null,null,But , my then girlfriend and another friend had solid connections that they thought could help me land a much better job where they worked , which would carry me pretty well until I finished school .
25,null,null,Things were looking up for me .
26,null,null,I was pretty happy .
27,null,null,I guess things started to slip for me when my uncle got hit with a terminal diagnosis in August .
28,null,null,At 47 , and with young children , nobody in the family was prepared to lose him .
29,null,null,And the disease , an incredibly rare degenerative brain disease , was the same one that killed my grandmother 11 years ago .
30,null,null,We lost him in early September .
31,null,null,The thing with this disease that nobody in the family is talking about is that , if it hits twice within the same bloodline , there is a 50 % chance that living relatives within the bloodline will get it in their 40
32,null,null,is or .
33,null,null,50 is
34,null,null,There is nine of us left in the immediate family , including my mother , my brother and myself .
35,null,null,And since it is so rare , there is absolutely no treatment plan .
36,null,null,That , for me , was a lot to process .
37,null,null,I am not worried about myself , but
38,null,null,the idea that I could still be losing relatives to this disease for years sucks .
39,null,null,It is hard enough seeing it happen twice .
40,null,null,During this time , things started to fall apart with me and my then - girlfriend as well .
41,null,null,I kind of hid out with her for a while , because my family was perpetually sad and in a state of distress .
42,null,null,And since I worked nights , I was kind of isolated .
43,null,null,Things started to hit a rut between me and her when she started her own treatment for depression .
44,null,null,I tried to be supportive of her , while doing whatever anyone in my family needed while my uncle was sick .
45,null,null,She really seemed happy that I was there for her , ( and
46,null,null,things really worked out since she lived so close to my uncle anyways , and I could bounce back and forth from place to place on my days off . )
47,null,null,Both my family and my girlfriend were very important to me , and
48,null,null,I guess helping them out made me feel good about myself , even though the situation was shitty .
49,null,null,I kind of let school fall to the back - burner though .
50,null,null,And I kind of neglected my other friends for a while as well .
51,null,null,But between work , my family , and her , I was consistently busy .
52,null,null,My uncle passed in early September , sending most of my family into a pretty bad state , and only a week later
53,null,null,, my girlfriend decided she was done with me , because she was afraid that if she recovered from her depression with me around , then she would equate me with happiness , and if I left her then she would not be able to recover .
54,null,null,( Which ended up being mostly a made up way of saying , I do not love you anymore , but
55,null,null,I do not have the courage to tell you . )
56,null,null,Obviously , it was not fair to her to be stuck with me if she was not happy with me , but
57,null,null,there were so many better opportunities for her to break things off , and she chose the one that was the most tedious and mentally draining for me .
58,null,null,My state of mind after it ended was not great at all , and
59,null,null,I said some very mean things to her after it ended , ( I guess , at the time , I thought it was constructive criticism , but it was all just mean and awful and embarrassing . )
60,null,null,Understandably , she has not talked to me since , and
61,null,null,I feel like I burned any bridge towards reconciling with her .
62,null,null,I missed my uncle a lot , but
63,null,null,doing favors for his wife and kids helped me at least feel like I was contributing .
64,null,null,My mother is still kind of a mess about it , but
65,null,null,she has my father for support .
66,null,null,My brother had a hard time for a while too , but
67,null,null,his job keeps him well occupied .
68,null,null,But , lately , for me , the things I can help with anymore have been fewer and fewer .
69,null,null,Right now , I just want to fast forward to like March or April .
70,null,null,I do not want to deal with my birthday ,
71,null,null,since the plans I had with my ex - girlfriend are obviously not happening anymore , most of my friends are busy with work and school , and my family is still not back to being normal .
72,null,null,Nobody seems to want to do much for my birthday anyways , which is , for lack of a better word , normal for me .
73,null,null,When I got home from work this morning , I cried thinking about it all .
74,null,null,I have never had that kind of emotional reaction to anything before .
75,null,null,The only thing I look forward to in life at the moment is my night or two out with a friend a week .
76,null,null,The holidays are going to be rough on my family , I know now that my ex girlfriend ( who I still care for and would probably take back ) has completely moved on from me , and the once promising prospect of a new job is not nearly as likely as it used to be .
77,null,null,And , school kind of got caught up in the shuffle , and
78,null,null,I am not I wanted where to be with that , either .
79,null,null,I am going to be out on my own come January , which might help , but
80,null,null,right now I am just dreading the next month .
81,null,null,I feel like the things I care about are slipping further and further out of my control , and it is hard for me to deal with .
82,null,null,I do not know if this is just a rough patch in my life , or
83,null,null,a sign that I have a more serious problem .
84,null,null,But right now , I have very few people that I can be 100 % open with , and
85,null,null,it is been tough .
86,null,null,Work is , for lack of a better word , quiet for me , meaning I spend most of my time thinking , and
87,null,null,it does not help much .
88,null,null,Since I have never really had a stretch like this before where I have been as mentally drained and just sad , I am not really sure what to do .
89,null,null,But there is very little on the horizon that I am looking forward to , and
90,null,null,I am worried about that .
91,null,null,tlr : Stretch of life events , most of which out of my control , have wreaked havoc on my emotional state .
92,null,null,I now feel kind of hopeless .
93,null,null,Do not know if it is just a rough patch in life , or something worse .
903 6
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am ugly and .
2,null,null,untalented I am below average right now and will be merely average after I put myself through pain and dieting
3,null,null,And on top of that I have no talents .
4,null,null,I am not good at anything .
5,null,null,I do not even know what career path I am gon na take because I am not talented at anything .
6,null,null,I am not good at anything .
904 51
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I want to share my experience moving to NYC from Israel - four months ago
2,null,null,Hello everyone , I just thought it would do good for me to share my experience moving to this city among other new yorkers and maybe hearing some new voices of people who are living here and know better than me or even went through the same thing .
3,null,null,So basically , I am 28 years old and .
4,null,null,moved to NYC four months ago with my wife
5,null,null,My wife is doing her Ph.D. at Columbia University , and
6,null,null,I just joined her ( with a work permit during our stay here ) , and we are going to be here for at least 3.5 years , but we could choose to stay for five years if we wish to .
7,null,null,( At the moment I do not see it happening )
8,null,null,I have to say that moving here has been the most difficult challenge I have ever been through in my life .
9,null,null,First , though my English is not bad at all , I am SO , SO insecure about it .
10,null,null,I am feeling afraid to open my mouth and say complicated things , and
11,null,null,it is depressing me .
12,null,null,( I am a person who is talking a lot by nature .
13,null,null,I have always been like that )
14,null,null,And I feel like someone took away that ability from me
15,null,null,and I am much less charismatic in English than in Hebrew which affects my confidence tremendously ..
16,null,null,After smoking weed for 4 - 5 years almost every day in Israel , I quit doing it since the first month I got here only because it made me feel very anxious
17,null,null,( it used to make me feel quite the opposite before )
18,null,null,I used to be a teacher in Israel and pretty quickly I have found a job as a teacher that teaches Hebrew here in New York .
19,null,null,( In Israel I used to teach History which I found much more interesting than teaching a language , but
20,null,null,that is what I got here , so I have to live with that )
21,null,null,A few days ago , I had a conversation with my boss , and
22,null,null,apparently , they are pleased by my work there , and they asked me if I am willing to continue for next year which is nice to hear even though I do not like this job that much .
23,null,null,I guess I will have to compromise .
24,null,null,My wife and I are supported by an excellent scholarship , and we do not have to worry a lot about money or health insurance so , on the financial field , we are kinda covered .
25,null,null,But being here makes me feel powerless .
26,null,null,Obviously , I do not have my good friends here with me , and
27,null,null,I feel much less " special " as a person .
28,null,null,I feel like I am only one among millions who are trying to survive in this big hectic city .
29,null,null,In the beginning , I thought it is beautiful that this city is full of people from all around the world , but
30,null,null,now it just feels to me that everyone are strangers to each other
31,null,null,and it seems like it is the loneliest city in the world at the moment .
32,null,null,And because I do not have friends here and I am married ( so meeting with girls on tinder etc .
33,null,null,is not an option )
34,null,null,I do not have many reasons to leave the house and
35,null,null,it is kinda sad .
36,null,null,The only reasons I am leaving my house is for yoga classes , work , and restaurants with my wife .
37,null,null,Other than that I do not have any other reasons to leave the house ..
38,null,null,The weather is fucking horrible , and
39,null,null,it is so cold it is painful to me being outside .
40,null,null,Anyways , I do not expect from you guys to be my therapist or giving me some life - changing advices ..
41,null,null,I guess I post this to release some steam .
42,null,null,So if you managed to read my post until the end , Thank you
43,null,null,And I hope things will improve for me .
44,null,null,I have always lived in Israel and .
45,null,null,only left for trips
46,null,null,The longest was 3 - 4 months , and
47,null,null,I have never relocated my life to anywhere else .
48,null,null,So maybe it is just a matter of time until I will start to feel more like home here .
49,null,null,If you have anything to share from your experience , that would be lovely just to know that I am not the only one who is going through this adjustment period .
50,null,null,Thanks again for reading and for your patience .
51,null,null,Have a great week everyone
905 32
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am having a problem with my depression .
2,null,null,You see , I am taking more medicine .
3,null,null,I am taking Welbrutrin ( 150 mg ) on top of my Zoloft ( 100 mg ) .
4,null,null,I have been out of work for over 5 months .
5,null,null,And it is now SERIOUSLY making me crazy .
6,null,null,I need to talk with people , but
7,null,null,I do not know how .
8,null,null,I need to find a job , but
9,null,null,I do not know how .
10,null,null,I am a good guy .
11,null,null,In fact I am THE good guy .
12,null,null,All of the people who have had me to work for them have loved me .
13,null,null,I get promotions all of the time .
14,null,null,It is getting in the door that seems to be the problems .
15,null,null,And I have a family to take care of .
16,null,null,My wife started working , but
17,null,null,it will not be enough to pay the rent .
18,null,null,This is so hard for me .
19,null,null,I am of the old school .
20,null,null,I believe in chivalry ,
21,null,null,the man taking care of his family .
22,null,null,Except that I feel like I am being less of a man .
23,null,null,I am broken .
24,null,null,I do not know what to do .
25,null,null,I can see myself being suicidal , but .
26,null,null,not in the sense of killing myself , but for looking for someone to help me
27,null,null,God I have never been in such trouble .
28,null,null,And I do not feel loved .
29,null,null,It is not my wife , it is not my son .
30,null,null,But I think that not working for so long , and the fact that I do not have friends , makes me need contact with people .
31,null,null,Any people .
32,null,null,I just do not know how to do that .
906 18
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Embarrassing myself at volleyball tryouts I am a freshman in high school
2,null,null,and we just did volleyball tryouts
3,null,null,and they were fucking horrible .
4,null,null,I had to wake up at 5:30 to go to them because they started at 6 .
5,null,null,Literally everyone there was better than me .
6,null,null,I fucking hate everything .
7,null,null,I am such a failure .
8,null,null,Like everyone was doing actual spikes and sets and shit
9,null,null,and I was just there .
10,null,null,They probably thought I was in special ed .
11,null,null,At least if I had a mental disability I would have an excuse to be so shit at volleyball .
12,null,null,I am probably gon na quit tbh .
13,null,null,I have never wanted to die more in my life .
14,null,null,And I know you are probably gon na say do your best
15,null,null,and I am
16,null,null,but my best is not good enough .
17,null,null,This is what I get for trying to be less depressed using a sport .
18,null,null,I do not even look like I am in high school , I am just a short 5'0 Indian kid
907 75
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Unrequited Love Crept Back Up to Haunt Me
2,null,null,First off , I felt the need to create this fake reddit account so that my posts could not be linked to my actual reddit account , and
3,null,null,I could vent to reddit without worrying that any of my family or friends will read this .
4,null,null,Unrequited love is the worst .
5,null,null,It consumes your mind almost every second of every day .
6,null,null,I am usually a positive person ( at least I try to be ) .
7,null,null,Grew up with this girl in the church .
8,null,null,We were the best of friends .
9,null,null,In high school , we went to homecoming and senior ball together .
10,null,null,I asked her out 3 times , once in middle school , once in freshman year , and
11,null,null,once in senior year , all three times given the response " I am sorry
12,null,null,, I do not like you in that way .
13,null,null," It messed me up .
14,null,null,Even affected my first two relationships .
15,null,null,I got with my first girlfriend solely because she liked me .
16,null,null,Part of me hoped my best friend would get jealous .
17,null,null,I genuinely liked my second girlfriend and
18,null,null,she liked me .
19,null,null,This girl gave me the butterflies , but .
20,null,null,because neither of us made a real effort to be boyfriend and girlfriend , we did not last
21,null,null,Before , after , and
22,null,null,sometimes during each of these relationships , I would wish it was my best friend ( I know , a dick move ) .
23,null,null,Then I messed up .
24,null,null,I was influenced by a terrible person to say some things I should not have .
25,null,null,We went to the same community college like we planned but three years passed without ever seeing each other because we were fighting .
26,null,null,The time that we spent apart allowed me to clear my head .
27,null,null,Before , I used to think about her all the time .
28,null,null,Now , days , even weeks would pass without her crossing my mind .
29,null,null,I met plenty of people in college and made tons of good friends , focused on my hobbies , it was the happiest I have been .
30,null,null,Eventually , we got tired of fighting
31,null,null,and I realized what it was that I fucked up : an extremely good friendship .
32,null,null,After I made an effort to show how sorry I was , she made an effort to let me back into her life .
33,null,null,Then I thought , " Do not fuck this up .
34,null,null,She does not need you to like her .
35,null,null,She needs you to be a good friend .
36,null,null," I said some harsh things , and .
37,null,null,because of it , we were not friends for 2 to 3 years
38,null,null,So naturally , we tried making up for the time we had lost .
39,null,null,She invited me to hang with her friends .
40,null,null,I invited her to hang with mine .
41,null,null,We would do things together , .
42,null,null,play music together , video games together , and just genuinely hang out
43,null,null,We talked things over and .
44,null,null,settled our fight by blaming that terrible person we both dislike that from before
45,null,null,We eventually went to the same university together and
46,null,null,some of her closest friends became great friends of mine .
47,null,null,We took a class together .
48,null,null,Would exercise together .
49,null,null,And we have gotten to the level of " No judgment " as she calls it , where I have told her some of my deepest , darkest secrets , and
50,null,null,she did the same with me .
51,null,null,Problem is , as we spend each week almost always hanging out 3 or 4 days out of the week .
52,null,null,I find it harder to come to terms with us never being together .
53,null,null,She is never dated , but
54,null,null,she tells me about guys she is liked , little things that happened to her like small romantic contact like " holding hands " .
55,null,null,She has A LOT of guy friends that she is close with , and .
56,null,null,a few girl friends that she is really close with
57,null,null,And though it only bothered a little back then , it is something I am jealous of now .
58,null,null,Each time I see her , I first think to myself " be normal , be funny
59,null,null,, do not show any signs that you may still have feelings " and
60,null,null,it works .
61,null,null,I am happy with the way things are
62,null,null,, us spending lots of time together , hanging out at each other is houses for hours , trying different foods , and just having someone like her I can talk to .
63,null,null,But thinking about the guy she who will eventually be her first boyfriend , or her husband whom she may have kids with , that future where another guy becomes the guy she sings with , dances with , goes to church with , .
64,null,null,does romantic stuff with just pains me to think about
65,null,null,Well , it is late ( like 3 in the morning ) and
66,null,null,this is the time when I am usually in my feelings .
67,null,null,If you have invested time to reading my story this far , I thank you and .
68,null,null,would like to know what you think about my situation
69,null,null,I am a bit dramatic , and
70,null,null,I overthink like a muthafucka , but I am an honest fellow , and this is first time venting to reddit .
71,null,null,And it is a bit ironic , cuz I should get some sleep since she is coming over tomorrow .
72,null,null,P.S.
73,null,null,I thought about solutions like slowly drifting apart from her , but
74,null,null,I have come to the realization that I would rather have her in my life as a friend than not at all .
75,null,null,But it still hurts .
908 13
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Even hate eating
2,null,null,I can not even eat anymore
3,null,null,everything tastes like shit to me
4,null,null,do not like doing anything
5,null,null,do not want to go anywhere
6,null,null,do not trust anyone hate being alone
7,null,null,but it is the only way I know to stay away from all the BS .
8,null,null,What is the point of living such a meaningless worthless life ? ?
9,null,null,Also I think I am losing my mind
10,null,null,I catch myself doing weird things and
11,null,null,sit there like wtf
12,null,null,did i just do that for
13,null,null,And sometimes if I am walking late at night I sometimes think hopefully someone comes up and shoots me or stabs me and this nightmare will be over
909 26
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Nothing .
2,null,null,I just do not want to do anything .
3,null,null,Nothing is the only thing that ever sounds good anymore .
4,null,null,The stuff I study in school is really cool , but
5,null,null,when I get home
6,null,null,I just want to lay down and do nothing .
7,null,null,Smoking weed makes it easier
8,null,null,but I know I am just pushing my feelings away .
9,null,null,I am just ..
10,null,null,Tired .
11,null,null,And I feel like a bitch because of it .
12,null,null,I go to school , .
13,null,null,work on some homework , go to work , procrastinate homework to get some damn relaxation time , rinse , repeat
14,null,null,I wish I could stop working and just focus on school , cuz it genuinely makes me happy as long as I can dedicate the time to it .
15,null,null,But after working I just wanna do nothing .
16,null,null,And if I work less hours I just get stressed about paying rent .
17,null,null,I do not know if I hate myself or this economy more , but
18,null,null,I just wish I could go far away sometimes .
19,null,null,Just leave everyone behind and .
20,null,null,find somewhere to sit and do nothing
21,null,null,Listen to a waterfall crash in the forest , or .
22,null,null,just look up at a sky that is not polluted to hell with light
23,null,null,I have been so good lately ; Been through this long enough
24,null,null,I know why I am like this .
25,null,null,It is February .
26,null,null,And February always sucks .
910 33
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,In the mood to vent
2,null,null,So I am gon na make this self deprivating post quick .
3,null,null,I was a sick child .
4,null,null,Shit was fucked .
5,null,null,Too young to understand what was going on and had lots of surgeries and what not .
6,null,null,I possibly have autism ,
7,null,null,I was diagnosed with sensory processing disorder to get O.T.
8,null,null,however I think they gave me that so I was not stuck with the label of autism .
9,null,null,I think they believed I was too young to be diagnosed
10,null,null,and so I never got a checkup from a psychiatrist after O.T. .
11,null,null,So it is possible I am autistic but idk .
12,null,null,Anyway my childhood was shit .
13,null,null,Absolute fucking garbage .
14,null,null,I was the loser kid .
15,null,null,Had physical issues
16,null,null,so I never left the house .
17,null,null,I was ugly and fat .
18,null,null,My entire childhood was just a big fucking waste of time .
19,null,null,Anyway I become 16 and .
20,null,null,start hanging around bad kids
21,null,null,At this point I lost all fucks to give about my schooling .
22,null,null,My social skills were finally developed enough so I can make friends
23,null,null,but I did not really like any of them .
24,null,null,I started getting a prescription for drugs .
25,null,null,It was not very difficult given my medical history .
26,null,null,Started taking Adderall daily .
27,null,null,And my mom would occasionally give me some Xanax she had .
28,null,null,Also started drinking .
29,null,null,I guess some warning signs for a shitty life but idk .
30,null,null,I am not entirely sure what to do at this point .
31,null,null,I plan on going to community college since I am probably gon na drop out of HS soon .
32,null,null,I just do not think I am ready for the real world .
33,null,null,I always feel like I am that one person who just can not adapt to things .
911 12
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I will be on the road in less than 72 hours .
2,null,null,The last month has taken a serious toll on me physically , cognitively , emotionally , and spiritually .
3,null,null,Things have suddenly gotten so crazy .
4,null,null,Nothing looks even remotely familiar to me ( Aggers , 2002 ) .
5,null,null,I have held My Sweetie with tears in my eyes , hoping her to buoy my hope for the future .
6,null,null,I have been overwhelmed by the enormity of change and possibility , .
7,null,null,fallen to my knees
8,null,null,, bowed my head beneath our roof , and prayed in earnest that it will not be the last
9,null,null,I have wrestled with the stranglehold of others ' denial , .
10,null,null,silently observing time crush their last defense as the flurry of last - minute demands , requests , and desires are left unfulfilled
11,null,null,I have ended my beloved employment , said goodbye to supervisors and peers , .
12,null,null,returned keys , cleaned out my desk , and stood at the door of my empty office with the first true inkling of the magnitude of what has become the most difficult life transition I have yet faced
912 20
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Hi I am trying to get a grip back on my life .
2,null,null,My mental health has cost me my marriage .
3,null,null,My husband just could not handle it anymore .
4,null,null,I was hospitalized five times in April and May for suicidal attempt and thoughts .
5,null,null,He was there every day for me but .
6,null,null,felt abandoned by me
7,null,null,As he said through tears " he could not save me " .
8,null,null,After the hospitalizations I was really needy .
9,null,null,He married a strong and independent woman .
10,null,null,In Sept I took myself off my medicines and .
11,null,null,went into a rage and accused him of cheating on me
12,null,null,That broke his heart and his spirit ..
13,null,null,he left .
14,null,null,Of course , I went into a tailspin .
15,null,null,Finally got of the couch last weekend , three months later .
16,null,null,I stopped my counseling and medicines .
17,null,null,I know I have to get it back together again .
18,null,null,I guess looking for support here is a step in the right direction .
19,null,null,I am trying to figure out how to go on when you lost the best thing that ever happened to you .
20,null,null,Thanks for listening
913 25
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am new to this so please bear with me .
2,null,null,I do not even know where to begin .
3,null,null,With all of the tragedy going on in our gulf coast as well as the war , I feel I have no right to be unhappy
4,null,null,but I am 24 / 7 .
5,null,null,I am 37 years old and .
6,null,null,have made a complete mess of my life
7,null,null,My parents were raised in Europe and .
8,null,null,came to the states in their 20 is
9,null,null,I have a younger brother who also has depression but
10,null,null,it differs from my own .
11,null,null,When I look back at my childhood all I feel is pain and neglect
12,null,null,and I can not recall any happy memories .
13,null,null,I do not believe that I was ever physically abused however
14,null,null,, I do think that I was ignored and emotionally neglected .
15,null,null,Perhaps that is why I manage to make a mess of my life every time things seem to be going well .
16,null,null,I am married and .
17,null,null,have a 4 year old son
18,null,null,From all outward appearances , my life comes across as perfect ( although we all know there is no such thing ) .
19,null,null,I have been seeing psychiatrists and therapists since I was 17 and have tried to commit suicide on four separate occasions .
20,null,null,My mother suffers from depression and her mother .
21,null,null,did as well
22,null,null,This is such a long and complicated story
23,null,null,and I do not know how much I am allowed to write or if anyone is even interested since this is my first try in any type of chat room .
24,null,null,My interior pain lies so far deep that I do not sleep , hardly eat and feel miserable all the time .
25,null,null,I guess that is all I will say for now .
914 35
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Well , I have to admit that as a male I have always viewed my own depression as personal weakness .
2,null,null,I still do , I can not help it ..
3,null,null,it is a notion , feeling or philosophy or whatever that is been instilled from an early age .
4,null,null,I know this is not a popular or realistic way to feel about depression .
5,null,null,I mean , it is an illness , right .
6,null,null,I have never been to a doctor to have my condition properly diagnosed or treated .
7,null,null,At the moment , I really can not face my doctor with that sort of issue ( btw , I am in my mid-40s and I have suffered from depression since as long as i can remember )
8,null,null,- I have learned to cope , in a fashion , but .
9,null,null,probably at the expense of a reasonable sense of social ' normality'- i.e. divorced , emotionally empty relationships , enormous amounts of time spent alone , dissatisfied working life , etc
10,null,null,One covers up & , and
11,null,null,disguises the depression at work , at home
12,null,null,wherever / whenever necessary ..
13,null,null,and then , when you are all alone , the demons can come out to play(or even before you are alone ) -
14,null,null,but at least you maintain the expected external masculine dignity , most of the time .
15,null,null,For example , today my son wanted to come over to visit me but
16,null,null,because I have been feeling so miserable and morbid and soaked in ennui this week , I made an excuse to put off his visit because I did not want him to see me feeling low & depressed(and weak ) and thus ruining his day / week .
17,null,null,Instead , I went out on a freezing 10 mile walk alone to try to physically squash the depression .
18,null,null,This is a regular occurrence - I get depressed , I hate myself for being weak , so ..
19,null,null,I do something physical to try to alleviate the symptoms(and also to punish myself for feeling depressed )
20,null,null,it works .. temporarily .
21,null,null,In my mind , this sort of masochism is ( or
22,null,null,has been)preferable to taking alcohol , drugs ( even prescribed medicines ) , fags , therapy or inflicting real self - harm and so forth because , at least , it keeps me feeling physically fit - physically
23,null,null,balanced(and
24,null,null,I guess that is important to me ) even if it is not always an effective cure for one is depression .
25,null,null,And I can keep up the public pretence that all is well .
26,null,null,Sorry , back to the point -
27,null,null,yes , it seems a lot of men do tend to suffer depression in silence
28,null,null,( one wonders
29,null,null,what the real percentage could be!).When I joined this group
30,null,null,yesterday it was the first time I would openly voiced the notion that I DO suffer from depression .
31,null,null,Not so macho .
32,null,null,Perhaps my condition is getting worse ..
33,null,null,or maybe I am just feeling a little more realistic about what it is to be a male suffering from depression .
34,null,null,Are there MANY women ( or even men ) out there who are truly sympathetic to males who suffer from depression ?
35,null,null,Unfortunately , I have not seen much evidence out there so far ?
915 12
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Back to square 1 Depression sucks .
2,null,null,I have Been depressed for longer than I could remember .
3,null,null,Some days are okay
4,null,null,, I could manage to get out of bed and go out .
5,null,null,Some days I just want to shut myself in my bedroom , lying on my bed .
6,null,null,And then I feel useless and ruminate over the fact that I am in fact useless .
7,null,null,Today I feel like absolute shit because the weather sucks .
8,null,null,No I am not going out of my home .
9,null,null,I do not care if I am running out of food in my apt .
10,null,null,I am forgetting all the advice by therapist and wiping out all the progress I have made .
11,null,null,I am back to square one .
12,null,null,I am such a useless existence on the earth
916 5
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Alone It is been so long since someone is actually made me feel okay .
2,null,null,It is been so long since someone has genuinely made me laugh .
3,null,null,I get more high strung , anxious and depressed every day and
4,null,null,everyone around me reminds me all the time .
5,null,null,Living is becoming a chore .
917 9
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Does anyone actually feel a little better with the recent Trump / Putin headlines ?
2,null,null,I live in rural Trump country and .
3,null,null,work at a gas station
4,null,null,Suddenly nobody wants to talk politics , and
5,null,null,my regulars and coworkers have starting acting more civil toward me .
6,null,null,I have long since shut up with facts about collusion or anything related to the news cycle , but
7,null,null,it is nice to finally have the other side do the same .
8,null,null,Regardless of your politics , it is nice to no longer be a small community .
9,null,null,is object of scorn
918 18
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I think you guys might understand this .
2,null,null,I was walking with a close friend after having lunch together , and
3,null,null,I told her , " I feel as if I am living on borrowed time . "
4,null,null,She asked me to explain further , but
5,null,null,I could not find the words to better express that perspective .
6,null,null,She then proceeded to recount to me all of the myriad ways she is nearly died on some of the trips she is taken .
7,null,null,I confessed that I could not really relate to those sorts of situations or how they have affected her , as she has more zeal for life than anyone I have ever met .
8,null,null,Whatever she was describing about perceived proximity to death did not suit me .
9,null,null,Then the words came to me .
10,null,null,I feel as if I am living on borrowed time , because I feel like I could , at any moment , lose what little will to live
11,null,null,I have left .
12,null,null,It is like I am waiting for the other shoe to drop .
13,null,null,I see it in slow - motion , slowly falling to the cold pavement , but
14,null,null,I do not know when it will finally make contact .
15,null,null,In the meantime , I am existing , trying to experience new things and connect to people as much as I am able to , but
16,null,null,I can not shake the conviction that I will eventually resolve to leave by my own hand , despite whatever life I have made for myself .
17,null,null,The fight is already been lost , and
18,null,null,at some point , I will have to accept defeat .
919 7
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Some days I function fine and everything seems " normal " , other days everything feels foreign .
2,null,null,Sometimes I can do whatever
3,null,null,and it just feels like any other day .
4,null,null,On other days , I am freaking the fuck out .
5,null,null,It feels like I do not know how to do anything because everything seems so unfamiliar .
6,null,null,From walking down the road to the grocery store to brushing my teeth .
7,null,null,It is funny now when I think about it because it is all so easy
920 41
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I have always resented my mom for being emotionally abusive growing up and .
2,null,null,blamed her for my depression
3,null,null,But I just told her I am depressed
4,null,null,and she responded in the most perfect way .
5,null,null,I feel really weird .
6,null,null,I am an adult now ( 24 ) and .
7,null,null,have had crippling depression since childhood
8,null,null,Growing up , I never had emotional support or love .
9,null,null,I was called names and
10,null,null,my mom took out her relationship / life issues on me .
11,null,null,I was distant from both my parents .
12,null,null,I have hugged my mom only once in my life .
13,null,null,This is just one issue out of many that led to me developing a fragile self esteem and crippling depression .
14,null,null,Over the years , with distance , we started to talk- like once a month or so .
15,null,null,The more educated I became , the more I came to understand why she acted the way she did ( although I still harbor much resentment )
16,null,null,I am going through a depressive episode just now .
17,null,null,I feel so alone
18,null,null,and I texted her out of desperation .
19,null,null,I told her I felt alone and depressed and could not get out of bed to study .
20,null,null,Instead of judging me or saying something mean ..
21,null,null,she just listened to everything and all of my symptoms .
22,null,null,She said that she felt so sorry for me
23,null,null,and she wished she could help me .
24,null,null,And she told me to never feel alone because she loves me and I am very important to her .
25,null,null,She asked if she could do anything to help me ..
26,null,null,and I realized ,
27,null,null,yeah , if we could call each other every morning , I could have someone to talk to and tell her about my daily goals .
28,null,null,Then I could feel more motivated to get out of bed and .
29,null,null,feel less alone that day
30,null,null,I just feel weird , because I do not have a relationship with her .
31,null,null,I am scared it is going to be awkward , but
32,null,null,I am desperate for any support I can get right now .
33,null,null,I also still resent her , but
34,null,null,at the same time understand .
35,null,null,I do not know .
36,null,null,It is just weird .
37,null,null,But , I am happy she acted this way , for sure .
38,null,null,Edit :
39,null,null,I also do not mean to brag or anything like that .
40,null,null,I just wanted to share this with someone , and .
41,null,null,was wondering if someone had a similar experience maybe in forming a bond with their parents longer into adulthood
921 49
 (0, 0),
1,null,null," I used to be you " " It gets better " " You have to love yourself first " & amp ; other lies Not even sure if I should post in this sub , but .. To the people who * used to * suffer from depression , from trauma , from anxiety , from whatever made you miserable , I am not you .
2,null,null,You were once miserable ,
3,null,null,like me , you saw no light at the end of the tunnel , but
4,null,null,then , you did not give up .
5,null,null,*
6,null,null,Something * happened .
7,null,null,Now you are happier , now you have got your happy ending , now you have got people who love you for who you are .
8,null,null,But I am not you .
9,null,null,You probably changed , you probably were capable of change , were strong enough to change yourself even .
10,null,null,I am not you .
11,null,null,I have been gone for a long time , now .
12,null,null,There is nobody here but bad habits and terrible feelings .
13,null,null,Sometimes I feel a semblance of someone who just wanted to make other people happy and be loved , but
14,null,null,I think the misery just piled on like miles of permafrost .
15,null,null,I can not blame people for not loving me , but
16,null,null,I do blame them for lying to me .
17,null,null,Do not they know it hurts more to say ' I care ' when they do not ,
18,null,null,and it takes me much too long to figure it out ?
19,null,null,How am I ever supposed to trust people when they say they care if it is been such a common lie ?
20,null,null,The worst part is , *
21,null,null,nobody can prove it , because nobody can help me , because nobody knows how or wants to
22,null,null,* , I do not know .
23,null,null,I have been asking for help for a long time now
24,null,null,but nobody takes me seriously .
25,null,null,You , who says that I should not give up .
26,null,null,Why ?
27,null,null,I am not you .
28,null,null,Years from now I will * not * be surrounded by people who love me
29,null,null,, I will * not * be anywhere closer to happiness , I will * not * find anyone who loves me .
30,null,null,If that person exists , and
31,null,null,perhaps they do , I will *
32,null,null,not
33,null,null,* ever have the luck to meet them .
34,null,null,You tell me I have to love myself before anyone else will .
35,null,null,Those who grow in complete solitude do not even learn a human language .
36,null,null,So tell me , if there is nobody to show me how to , how do you expect me to teach myself to love myself ?
37,null,null,I think you just want to place the blame on me .
38,null,null,I do not ' love ' myself and
39,null,null,so that is why I am miserable .
40,null,null,Not because of depression , not because of isolation , not because of poverty , not because of heartbreak , it is because I do not love myself in a world that is only taught me to hate and criticize myself .
41,null,null,In this world where the people I thought I could perhaps give my heart to , say ' I care about you '
42,null,null,and then show me those words are meaningless .
43,null,null,Forgive me for being skeptical about getting better when I have only seen my life decline since it began .
44,null,null,I am not even asking for pity , because I know it is just the luck of the draw
45,null,null,and I was dealt a particularly shitty hand .
46,null,null,But can you please understand that not all of us are going to be okay in the end ?
47,null,null,Just because you suffered for many years and
48,null,null,I have suffered for many years and you no longer suffer like you used to
49,null,null,, does not mean I am not going to continue suffering as I always have been .
922 19
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Work
2,null,null,I have a problem with always assuming everyone thinks I m terrible worker(well outside of work
3,null,null,i just assume people think bad of me
4,null,null,and i try so hard to prove i m worthy ) .
5,null,null,I m not a bad worker .
6,null,null,I m an awesome worker .
7,null,null,I do good work and .
8,null,null,never spend time on my phone or anything like that
9,null,null,But when i m working on a job I feel as if my boss is watching me thinking to himself . " Fucking that guy needs to get a move on " or .
10,null,null,something like that
11,null,null,I m constantly asking my boss
12,null,null," So we have a good week ?
13,null,null,Anything you want to tell me
14,null,null," he says no
15,null,null,but I still feel he talks shit in his mind or behind my back .
16,null,null,Its alot of wasted stress I wish I could stop putting myself through .
17,null,null,Thanks for reading .
18,null,null,And i know its a me problem just need to vent .
19,null,null,Thank you .
923 10
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Does anyone else is depression show itself as exhaustion ?
2,null,null,I find as I get older , that certain heavy type of exhaustion that can only be caused by depression gets more and more pervasive .
3,null,null,As soon as things start going downhill , the unexplained tiredness hits and
4,null,null,I become like a zombie .
5,null,null,I have no energy to do my normal daily tasks , the thought of going through my evening routine before bed seems like climbing a fucking mountain ; I barely have the energy to do anything other than sit on the couch and stare into space .
6,null,null,The physical lethargy always comes hand - in - hand with the Brain Fog .
7,null,null,Forget trying to study , forget going through the bills , my brain can not handle anything except moving my index finger to scroll down Reddit and watching cheap entertainment on youtube or Netflix .
8,null,null,I am writing this because I am in it now - in the Fog - and I am lagging behind in life .
9,null,null,Does anyone else feel this way ?
10,null,null,Does anyone know how to get out ?
924 21
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I have had depression for at least 5 years now .
2,null,null,I have been with my partner for 2 years and
3,null,null,in that time i have come to depend on him for a lot of things - everyday things like making phone calls for me etc .
4,null,null,because i find it too hard .
5,null,null,In the last couple of months , friends / family have seen him out with another girl , they were closer than they should have been , i have also seen it with my own eyes .
6,null,null,Since i have noticed this , our relationship has deteriorated a lot , to the point that we are fighting every weekend , and during the week because he is always wanting to go to his friends house ( who is this girl is brother ) .
7,null,null,Today , he has been really angry and agro at me .
8,null,null,He has told me to go away and that he has been avoiding me on purpose .
9,null,null,I feel like if we broke up my life would be ruined .
10,null,null,I feel like i need him to survive .
11,null,null,Every time we have come close to breaking up , it ends up me begging him not to leave .
12,null,null,We live together which makes things harder .
13,null,null,I have no friends left because i was so dependant on him
14,null,null,and they got sick of me not seeing them .
15,null,null,It is easy to say break up with him , but
16,null,null,if you understood how attached i am you would know its not so easy .
17,null,null,I do not know what to do .
18,null,null,I think he is cheating on me
19,null,null,but i need him .. does anyone have any advice ?
20,null,null,I am lost ..
21,null,null,I do not know what to do anymore .
925 60
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I went to this meeting .
2,null,null,It was for people who have depression .
3,null,null,The leader said to me that I was so knowledgeable I should be well .
4,null,null,I was very sick at the time .
5,null,null,Which went to show me
6,null,null,I had knowledge but no wisdom .
7,null,null,For years I knew this .
8,null,null,I read all the books and nothing changed .
9,null,null,I really felt like maybe I was on the wrong line of thought to get over the depression .
10,null,null,Yet I did feel better .
11,null,null,I thought my life is not changing though .
12,null,null,I have so many hopes and dreams for my life
13,null,null,and here I am sitting around wasting it .
14,null,null,I still feel like that at times
15,null,null,but then something bad happened
16,null,null,and I did not react to it .
17,null,null,I did not feel worse .
18,null,null,Then someone did something stupid and
19,null,null,I did not yell at them .
20,null,null,I went to a friend and .
21,null,null,asked if she thought I was getting better
22,null,null,Her answer was .
23,null,null,Hell
24,null,null,Yeah .
25,null,null,You bother to talk to me now .
26,null,null,It seems she was doing all the talking at one stage .
27,null,null,I did not know .
28,null,null,It is been 10 years since I first got depressed In all the tests on the computer
29,null,null,it went from severe depression to moderate the other day I got mild depression .
30,null,null,Ok today its back to moderate .
31,null,null,I think the reason for this is that I am nearly there with a thought process and I just can not get it .
32,null,null,I am kicking myself for it for being incompetent and
33,null,null,those words from that woman came back
34,null,null,you have all this knowledge
35,null,null,you should be better .
36,null,null,Do I need to go back and do some stuff on self esteem again ?
37,null,null,Is this what this is about .
38,null,null,I look inside of me and
39,null,null,see my self esteem has fallen apart again .. and
40,null,null,I mean again !
41,null,null,How many times is this ?
42,null,null,100 ?
43,null,null,a 100 times ?
44,null,null,Why can not I work this out ?
45,null,null,I do not know what is wrong .
46,null,null,I think if she asked me now , I would tell her , I have not got all the answers yet .
47,null,null,Somehow I wished she was right .
48,null,null,That with what I knew I could just be better .
49,null,null,I am off to hit the books .
50,null,null,Is not depression ironic ?
51,null,null,You can feel bad about anything even a compliment .
52,null,null,By the way .
53,null,null,I am still procrastinating .
54,null,null,It is better though .
55,null,null,I think .
56,null,null,Not that much though I have so much to do .
57,null,null,OK
58,null,null,that is wrong is not it ?
59,null,null,I am heading to the quiet of my bedroom to study .
60,null,null,I hope .
926 24
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,The base is 3 bound boxes of Remerol tablets ( similar to Effexor ) .
2,null,null,Above that is my trusty 300 mg slow release wellbutrin .
3,null,null,Next , Sonata for occasional use ; and .
4,null,null,then onto concerta per my request
5,null,null,Finally there is Risperdal and Topemax - a headache medication .
6,null,null,I tried to kill myself last spring and came very , very close .
7,null,null,This event has opened up spiritual dimensions more terrible than I thought possible .
8,null,null,Forgive me for sounding weird , but
9,null,null,with my life just one little hop , one small step away from obliteration , the return back became a long journey .
10,null,null,And most of me did not even make it back - after the attempt I was hospitalized on a ward with a sociopath as my neighbor .
11,null,null,I was naive and .
12,null,null,even befriended him
13,null,null,Far too late in the relationship I realized that this person may not have my best interests in hand .
14,null,null,So I left the hospital
15,null,null,but I left beaten .
16,null,null,Then I went home to my family and
17,null,null,some of them reacted terribly against my illness .
18,null,null,I felt powerless , like I was spreading some miserable disease .
19,null,null,My struggle goes on but
20,null,null,at least I am alive .
21,null,null,I believe in many things I never used to now , and .
22,null,null,that gives me hope
23,null,null,To anyone reading this , I just hope you will not toy with your life .
24,null,null,Live a long one , it is important you do .
927 11
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I met up with a girl yesterday for the second time
2,null,null,And it was great .
3,null,null,We went Iceskating and
4,null,null,during it she held my hand for no reason .
5,null,null,Afterwards we we drank some Punsch and .
6,null,null,laughed so much
7,null,null,When she said she had to go
8,null,null,I kissed her
9,null,null,and she actually kissed back .
10,null,null,We are both depressed and for the first time in so long
11,null,null,I feel happy .
928 31
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I was sexually , physically , and emotionally abused by my father , my uncle and my grandparents from the time I was five until I was fifteen .
2,null,null,My mother had taken my father and his family to court for it
3,null,null,but everyone said that she made me say it to get back at my father , since I was " only five " and " not old enough to know anything .
4,null,null," None of them were punished for it
5,null,null,and I had to keep seeing them on visitations until I was sixteen ( i am still sixteen )
6,null,null,and I told my dad
7,null,null,I did not want to see him anymore .
8,null,null,This obviously did not make him happy and
9,null,null,he knows it is about the abuse .
10,null,null,Every once and awhile he emails me or
11,null,null,calls and tries to make me feel guilty about it
12,null,null,and when he does I get upset all over again just when I had started to seem to get better .
13,null,null,I really wanted to write a book about my life , but
14,null,null,I figured that because my dad and his family was not punished or proven guilty that I would be sued for it .
15,null,null,I want to change my last name and then get a pen name , but
16,null,null,my mom says I have to wait until I am eighteen .
17,null,null,I do not exactly want to wait that long to write my book , but
18,null,null,I feel like I do not have a choice .
19,null,null,I have considered taking them back to court
20,null,null,but I figured it is probably hopeless
21,null,null,and I feel guilty and doubtful even though I know it happened .
22,null,null,Anyways , I do not want to put my mom through all that again .
23,null,null,A lot of times I think that I imagined it all and deny it because I wish it did not happen .
24,null,null,I really want to be a writer and to help people who have been abused , but without proving my abusers guilty
25,null,null,I feel as if this is impossible , that it is not my right .
26,null,null,I am scared they would be found innocent and then try to kill me for taking them to court .
27,null,null,What should I do ?
28,null,null,I know everyone here is having a hard time
29,null,null,and I really do not mean to be a bother .
30,null,null,I feel guilty just talking about it because there are so many others who have had the same thing happen to them
31,null,null,but I really needed advice .
929 23
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,If you care , will you read ?
2,null,null,My depression has gotten really bad over the last 2 years , and
3,null,null,today I realized something .
4,null,null,I do not have anyone .
5,null,null,Everyone I talk to , people I would call ' friends ' do not really care .
6,null,null,They only notice me when I am the one who talks first .
7,null,null,I make plans with them , , but
8,null,null,set up so much and help everyone around me
9,null,null,none of them care .
10,null,null,I skipped school to see what would happen , and .
11,null,null,nothing
12,null,null,No one even noticed .
13,null,null,My parents hate me , and
14,null,null,I am alone .
15,null,null,None of this really matters , and
16,null,null,no one cares .
17,null,null,I am just so tired , and
18,null,null,I want it all to just end .
19,null,null,I do not know why I am posting this
20,null,null,, I do not know what I am doing anymore .
21,null,null,I do not know anything at all .
22,null,null,And most of you are just going to look over this and leave .
23,null,null,But if you care , will you talk to me ?
930 18
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Hi everybody .
2,null,null,New member have been lurking for a while thought I would introduce myself .
3,null,null,My name is Phil .
4,null,null,, have had depression all my life or as far back as I can recall
5,null,null,Why is it so hard to admit to yourself that you even have it ?
6,null,null,Any way I have been looking on internet for some info and come across this site which looks very friendly and inviting .
7,null,null,I am taking citalopram at present and
8,null,null,waiting to see a psychologist
9,null,null,but she says I am not ready for her help which is very frustrating
10,null,null,she says I would not be able to function if she started therapy with me .
11,null,null,I work full time
12,null,null,so I guess it is for the best .
13,null,null,I am beginning to understand about depression a bit more now
14,null,null,it would be nice to here from anybody out there who has suffered from depression and have found practical ways to deal with it .
15,null,null,How do you get out of the dark hole
16,null,null,, how do you feel like you are partaking in life and not just spectating .
17,null,null,Anyway nice to know I am not the only one I do not feel so much of an alien now .
18,null,null,Bye 4 now Phil .
931 152
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,A bad relationship and
2,null,null,my current state of mind
3,null,null,I am 21 and
4,null,null,i am going to share some of my experience .
5,null,null,So , i meet this girl on the internet in my later 17
6,null,null,is , i was an active practitioner of Karate Kyokushin , Muay Thai and Box back then
7,null,null,, i was about to enter in the amateurs and start to compete , i even went to japan 2 times on the championship and training grounds .
8,null,null,Then , i meet this one girl , i had just left an relationship with another girl that end up with her cheating on me
9,null,null,and well .. i was even younger than now
10,null,null,and i knew it how to fight ,
11,null,null,so .. I beat the crap out of the guy and
12,null,null,was disgusted by woman and
13,null,null,by fighting like that again , i was so frustrated that i was traded by a 14 old boy ( geez )
14,null,null,but i overcome that .
15,null,null,When i meet this girl ( I would call her Kim from now on )
16,null,null,i was clear about all that situation and .
17,null,null,that i was not up for a relationship with her or anyone else
18,null,null,She was earning a place in my heart because Kim seems so different from other girls and was treating me well
19,null,null,, she respected my hobbies , my dreams ( it was 5 months to 18 years
20,null,null,and i was going to join the military because IT WAS MY DREAM ) and myself as a ' aman ' ' .
21,null,null,So , she visited me
22,null,null,, i visited her , we were 2 states of distance of each other , but ' ' never too far to our love do not reach each other ' ' bullshit ( 387 Miles ) and of couse we started to dating and have sex , and all the vows of love , you guys know what i am talking ..
23,null,null,Then i was on my 18 , i had finished a test if i was join the military as a seargent or if i was enter like a corporal
24,null,null,and I WAS SUCEED \o/ .
25,null,null,But on the other hands , Kim , that i had met 6 months ago was through a rough part of her life , she had lost her job , she was not paying the bills and and
26,null,null,was about to get dumped from the house she was living ( all alone )
27,null,null,then , i talked to my parents if i could help her by inviting her to come home with us
28,null,null,, i was about to change my life , i was about to work twice as hard
29,null,null,and so i did .
30,null,null,I called her and
31,null,null,say ' ' Hey , just sell your things , do not worry about it , we are gon na buy new ones baby ' '
32,null,null,Hell yea , like a fucking Alpha
33,null,null,and she was so happy
34,null,null,and she cried
35,null,null,and she was all ' '
36,null,null,omg
37,null,null,i love u so much ' '
38,null,null,Then i left all my trainings hobbies which gives me a lot of stress
39,null,null,but i had back then a ' amajor reason '' for that
40,null,null,and i was happy with her .
41,null,null,Then Kim is past started to show up to us .
42,null,null,A family of 5 , me , my little brother , my mom and dad and now Kim .
43,null,null,The thing is , Kim had a daughter that was with her aunts back then and she started to say she missed her , she was sad , she was feeling bad because she could not find a job yet
44,null,null,( 3 months had passed , it was a rough time on the Brazil
45,null,null,enonomically speaking)but HEY , i had 2 jobs
46,null,null,and i would not give up
47,null,null,, she was sad that i had to work so hard to :
48,null,null,1- Help my parents
49,null,null,2- " Pay " For her in the house .
50,null,null,I was saving money too , because other than spending money with that 2 things i did not have the time to do other things
51,null,null,so some free time i had we would watch a movie , .
52,null,null,take some ice cream , have sex ( a lot , geez ) and that money that i was saving began to get bigger and bigger , till the point that i was thinking about buying some ground to maybe started to build our own house in the future when she get a job and started to help me
53,null,null,We would visit Kim is daughter from time to time
54,null,null,and i start to love the girl
55,null,null,, she was do damn smart but and
56,null,null,had a sadness in her that i could see ,
57,null,null,one day in the house of Kim is Aunt
58,null,null,, Her aunt came to me alone with Kim in the grocery store and .
59,null,null,started to say that i should stop my relationship with her
60,null,null,I was shocked by the comment , but
61,null,null,cold as ice in the outside and just asked ' wth
62,null,null,are u talking about ? "
63,null,null,then she started to say that Kim had beat her daughter so damn hard that almost killed her and that is why she was not with Kim anymore
64,null,null,and she say Kim it is fckng crazy and all type of shit and
65,null,null,i was pissed off .
66,null,null,When we get back to home , i say to Kim what her aunt has spoken and she started to cry
67,null,null,( and i was worried ) and .
68,null,null,telled me a story ( that is not even worth bring it here for u guys ) that in fact was another person who beat her daughter
69,null,null,Well , time had passed , we did not talked about it anymore and
70,null,null,we were hanging out and she turns to me and say " What about
71,null,null,we did a lil shot ?
72,null,null,"
73,null,null,( That is the equivalent on Brazilian to " LET
74,null,null,'S
75,null,null,SMELL COCAINE)i was " What ? "
76,null,null,and she " Yea , it will be fun
77,null,null,, i will let you do it in my sexy belly if you want " .
78,null,null,It is unbelievable how someone so damn pretty and hot and smart and intelligent and perfect could turn into a fucking piece of shit
79,null,null,so god damn fast .
80,null,null,I refuse the ' ' offer ' ' and ? " and
81,null,null,started to yell at her and started to talk some monstruous shit about it , like " it was because of that you daughter almost died
82,null,null,everything
83,null,null,, i was pissed off , sayed some shits that i should not , she say it too
84,null,null,but we overcome it .
85,null,null,So , i was with Kim about 2 years by now
86,null,null,AND THEN SHE FINALLY GETS A JOB .
87,null,null,we had moved on from my parents house a long time ago
88,null,null,but i was not happy because Kim is past started to bother me .
89,null,null,In that time i discovery somethings new about her ( with 100 % sure before you ask ) :
90,null,null,1- She did sex for money , even when she knew me and just talked to me back then .
91,null,null,2- Her ex was a asshole that was aprisioned .
92,null,null,3-
93,null,null,She lied as fuck to me about almost everything , her life , her family
94,null,null,( like " my dad is dead " type of lie ) , her past , her path .
95,null,null,But this is past
96,null,null,RIGHT ?
97,null,null,right ?
98,null,null,maybe i should just ' fuck off ' and
99,null,null,get back to my parents house but love is a sick joke .
100,null,null,Let is advance some months ( 10 ) , we had a baby .
101,null,null,She is the reason that i am here typing this now for you guys read it , because if not , it was for me being burned in hell for suicide .
102,null,null,She of couse , hid the pregnancy , , but
103,null,null,tried to abort EVEN WITH ME BEING BY HER SIDE , lied to me about birth control pills yea
104,null,null,fuck it
105,null,null,i was a man
106,null,null,and i for sure would not let my daughter be aborted
107,null,null,, she then tried to give her for adoption and
108,null,null,was all about
109,null,null," she will trouble us , our life " and
110,null,null,i was about to kick her out from the house
111,null,null,get my baby
112,null,null,and that is it .
113,null,null,My parents started to help me
114,null,null,but the damage was made it already
115,null,null,and it was about to get worst .
116,null,null,She was my bride and ?
117,null,null,guess what
118,null,null,Yea , she cheat on me .
119,null,null,I understand that sometimes i was a dick but man
120,null,null,i was not up to be a cuck .
121,null,null,I went crazy again , but
122,null,null,i controled myself ,
123,null,null,i send her back to her state with 2 K of money from my own
124,null,null,( she quited her job with 2 months of pregnancy ) .
125,null,null,I was so god damned hurt .
126,null,null,Cheat on me with my best friend clich ?
127,null,null,Wow .
128,null,null,Then i started to think about it , he had a great body because he almost live in the gym because he did not work and did not have a family .
129,null,null,But she doing that ?
130,null,null,That hurt me a lot more than he doing it .
131,null,null,And i was only 20 back there .
132,null,null,She find another guy , and
133,null,null,seems like I am now the aprisioned guy addicted to drugs ( like her aunt had telled me )
134,null,null,you know ?
135,null,null,I am so fucking sad .
136,null,null,I loved this girl so fucking much , i wish so fucking much to had a life with her , with her daughter , with my daughter .
137,null,null,She left and .
138,null,null,did not even ask about our daughter
139,null,null,You know how sad this is ?
140,null,null,On the other hand , i am so frustrated about womans and so sad that every girl that i start
141,null,null,to like i dump her because i do not want to delay her life like KIm
142,null,null,did to me .
143,null,null,I am fucking scared of relationships , i am fucking scared of girls , i am fucking terrified by the idea of trust anyone else then my father and my mother .
144,null,null,i am not feeling like a man anymore , i am feeling like shit .
145,null,null,BUT i started to train again in Muay Thai
146,null,null,and i am enjoying it .
147,null,null,but i feel so fucking lone because i really do everything alone .
148,null,null,My workout , go eat some pizza , walk in a park ..
149,null,null,i am so alone .
150,null,null,Well , i stopped to take drugs to feel better , i stopped with almost everything and .
151,null,null,started to go to gym and for now that is working
152,null,null,, i am just hope that someday in the future maybe .. Kim would become a nice person and will try to retake all the time that she is losting
932 79
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Hi everyone .
2,null,null,I am a 26 yrold mom of three , 6 and under .
3,null,null,My depression started as a teenager , but
4,null,null,somehow back then I was able to " talk myself out of it " and perhaps had enough going on to keep me distracted .
5,null,null,I got married right after high school , and
6,null,null,nine months later , ( overnight , really ) became a mom .
7,null,null,I never intended to be a mom at nineteen .
8,null,null,I had dreamed of going to college , enjoying years of freedom with my husband , and
9,null,null,then , carefully " planning " our first child .
10,null,null,Well , seven years later , we have planned only one ( our last ) , and strangely enough my only planned child was the hardest to recover from emotionally .
11,null,null,After the birth of my first child I struggled with denial over all my crushed dreams , and .
12,null,null,fought back depression and suicide on a daily basis
13,null,null,I saw a psychiatrist who put me on various medicines over the next few months , to no significant improvement .
14,null,null,When my daughter was three months old
15,null,null,I was voluntarily committed to a behavioral health facility and .
16,null,null,stayed there four days
17,null,null,I came out fully charged , and
18,null,null,within a matter of days , was right back where I started .
19,null,null,So I started seeing a therapist who did me little good , and .
20,null,null,continued on the latest medicine combination I was prescribed
21,null,null,Shortly after my daughter turned one I finally gave up on the medicines and the therapy and pretended to be better , even though I was not , because of the sheer frustration that nothing was " helping " so I might as well just get on with life .
22,null,null,I continued to battle depression and suicide on a daily basis , and .
23,null,null,also struggled with behavior that was contrary to what a good mother should be
24,null,null,My husband was military , and
25,null,null,it is during times in his absence that I have become " her " , my alter ego , someone who is intolerant , impatient , selfish , and ugly towards my kids .
26,null,null,And blah , blah , blah .
27,null,null,Do you guys get tired of telling your life story , because I do .
28,null,null,I have lost count of how many times I have told it to various therapists in some vain attempt to help them understand me .
29,null,null,So let me tell you where I am now .
30,null,null,I am a person who is deeply confused .
31,null,null,On the one hand I dearly love my kids , my husband , and
32,null,null,I have the desire to live life and see my children grow and strengthen my relationship with them and my husband .
33,null,null,On the other hand , I am sapped of every last ounce of purpose , life becomes extremely monotonous , and
34,null,null,I strain to see the point of it all .
35,null,null,Even now , as I write this , I am wondering , " why am I wasting my time ?
36,null,null,These people will never know one tenth of a percent of what is going on inside me . "
37,null,null,And that is how I have left every therapy session I have ever gone to , feeling like my time was utterly wasted and
38,null,null,like I have made a chicken scratch in an issue solid as ice and twenty feet deep .
39,null,null,I balance on a fragile thread of life and death and
40,null,null,I am scared that it is only a matter of time before something tips
41,null,null,the balance just far enough that I finally do " it " .
42,null,null,My biggest fear is that by the time I find a way to heal myself , if I make it that far , my kids will have paid the ultimate price and be a product of confusion and sadness too .
43,null,null,I am sick and tired of trying to feel human .
44,null,null,In talking with others , I feel intangible , fake , this intellect in human form but incapable of human understanding .
45,null,null,My emotions are real ; love , hate , empathy , grief , anger , happiness , but
46,null,null,I still do not feel " real " .
47,null,null,I feel like I am missing some vital component that ties it all together , and
48,null,null,without it , I am nothing more than this body walking around , emulating those around me , operating on some kind of autopilot .
49,null,null,It goes beyond frustration and confusion , and
50,null,null,I feel this pent up rage building inside of me , and I want to scream at the top of my lungs until I turn blue , throw a chair through a window , send dishes crashing to the floor , something through which I can channel the anger and get it as far from me as possible .
51,null,null,And then , sorrow .
52,null,null,Black as an abyss , tormenting hopelessness , and
53,null,null,it is then that I contemplate suicide .
54,null,null,Fortunately ( or not )
55,null,null,I will then remember something , some reason for why I can not do it .
56,null,null,The other day was my sisters birthday .
57,null,null,I did not want her to have to remember her birthday as the day her sister killed herself .
58,null,null,Then I bawl , because there is no way out .
59,null,null,I can not leave , and
60,null,null,staying means continued torment for me and the people I love , and for some reason , love me .
61,null,null,How long must I endure this cycle ?
62,null,null,Once again I am off medication .
63,null,null,After the birth of my third child I went on the latest wonder drug , Lexapro , and after a year with no improvement
64,null,null,I have abandoned that as well .
65,null,null,I also made another mental health check in when the baby ( now 1 1/2 ) was a few months old , for six days in duration , and .
66,null,null,once again came out feeling like a hundred bucks only to crash again
67,null,null,I have examined the perspective that , like the books title , " Depression is a Choice " , and .
68,null,null,have even embraced the idea
69,null,null,I have also embraced the idea that it is certainly not a choice , and
70,null,null,that medication is the solution , with equally unhelpful results .
71,null,null,I grow weary of this fruitless search to " fix myself " .
72,null,null,For those of you who would suggest God , yes I am a believer .
73,null,null,I turned to him three years ago , after years of Agnosticism , in utter desperation to fill in the " missing link " .
74,null,null,But for whatever reason , He still is not enough .
75,null,null,Which is the biggest blow of all , because I truly comprehend the sacrifice that was made in my behalf with the Atonement , and yet for some reason fail to utilize it .
76,null,null,So here I am .
77,null,null,One big mess .
78,null,null,And I am joining the group , lucky you !
79,null,null,See you around
933 24
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,For some reason .. I am never happy anymore ..
2,null,null,It all started a little less than a year ago .
3,null,null,Suicide attempts , , basically just wanting to die .
4,null,null,cutting , burning , hair pulling , slapping
5,null,null,People tell me my life is not that bad just because my family has money .
6,null,null,Money is not everything .
7,null,null,Also , everyone spreads rumors about me , and ! !
8,null,null,tells me crap to my face
9,null,null,My boyfriend is really sweet and
10,null,null,I LOVE him , but he has a serious anger issue !
11,null,null,His psychologist diagnosed him with an anger issue .
12,null,null,And lately when he gets frustrated , he sometimes hits me .
13,null,null,Not like REALLY hard , but .
14,null,null,hard enough to leave a mark
15,null,null,Then later he does not remember doing it .
16,null,null,I am worried about him , and .
17,null,null,myself
18,null,null,I do not want our relationship to end because of our problems .
19,null,null,And none of my friends understand why I cut and stuff .
20,null,null,It is not always for attention you know ! !
21,null,null,So , if someone could please email me at xx .
22,null,null,Or reply .
23,null,null,That would be great .
24,null,null,Please talk to me
934 28
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I would just like to thank you all i am comforted to know I am not the only one who feels like this
2,null,null,I am 24 and
3,null,null,until october
4,null,null,last year i had it all a great job
5,null,null,a fabulous fiancee ( awful future in laws )
6,null,null,but you ca nt have everything
7,null,null,and we had harry the dog
8,null,null,but then it all changed
9,null,null,i had an eptopic pregnancy that i think started it all my future in laws
10,null,null,said it was only ibs
11,null,null,and they were at the hospital with me and
12,null,null,kept making me drink hot water
13,null,null,then my mom went in to hospital with severe liver failure when i walked in the hospital she was bright yellow something i have never seen before think
14,null,null,ten times worse than george best
15,null,null,she has got severe brain damage and .
16,null,null,does not know who she is most of the time
17,null,null,we have been told she has not got long left
18,null,null,so i spend most of my time there
19,null,null,but its killing me
20,null,null,i just do not know how I am going to cope when she goes and to top it
21,null,null,all my now ex fiancee dumped me because I am not spending enough time with her and taken the dog
22,null,null,i just feel like I have lost or about to lose everything i have ever loved
23,null,null,i went to my doctors yesterday and
24,null,null,begged them to help me
25,null,null,so they have given me cita things
26,null,null,but they say that you can get a bit worse before i get better
27,null,null,and i do not know how much more i can take sorry for going on
28,null,null,but that is me
935 43
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I die a little inside with every customer ( TW )
2,null,null,Let me start by saying I have been getting help for chronic depression and anxiety since January .
3,null,null,I take sertraline ( 50 mg ) every day , and
4,null,null,it is helped me tremendously .
5,null,null,I was hired as a cashier at a fast food job in November of last year , and
6,null,null,it was a huge step forward .
7,null,null,No education , no GED , no transportation , no job experience ( except for working for a family company since I was a literal child ) ; needless to say , I felt like I overcame a hump that had been looming in front of me for quite some time .
8,null,null,I have had extreme social anxiety since my early teens ,
9,null,null,so diving headfirst into a cashier job
10,null,null,seemed a bit counter - intuitive .
11,null,null,Now , I do not know if it was the medication or simply having no choice but to face my fears every day , but
12,null,null,the anxiety has completely faded .
13,null,null,Gone .
14,null,null,Zilch .
15,null,null,Good , right ?
16,null,null,Well , in its place , a little seedling sprouted , and
17,null,null,as time goes by it swells inside my heart and head , pushes against my skull , crushes my organs , my spark , my will to move forward .
18,null,null,I hate people so fucking much .
19,null,null,I am so damn tired of hearing
20,null,null,you complain that the price of a sandwich has increased by fifty fucking cents .
21,null,null,I am so damn tired of cleaning up after your little brats after they throw their food on the floor .
22,null,null,I am so fucking fed up with you cancelling an entire fucking order , after it was already prepared , because the soda machine was out of cherry Fanta .
23,null,null,What the fuck is wrong with you ?
24,null,null,I go home and .
25,null,null,utterly dread the next day of picking up the slack of my coworkers and dealing with a shitload of entitled , spoiled assholes
26,null,null,Every now and then , there is an angel .
27,null,null,Someone who is not a total asshole to me ..
28,null,null,it could be something so small to you , but
29,null,null,it can make my entire day that much easier .
30,null,null,Perhaps you already know what you want to order , and .
31,null,null,do not hold up a line of ten people because you are picky as fuck
32,null,null,Perhaps you tip me 96 cents .
33,null,null,Usually , it is treating me like I am a feeling , thinking human instead of the shit on your heel .
34,null,null,I bend over backwards for these people and .
35,null,null,do my best to let them know that they are truly appreciated
36,null,null,I have come so far , and
37,null,null,yet I am so close to giving up .
38,null,null,It is wearisome forcing a smile every day and powering through as if I have a promising future , when I do not .
39,null,null,I pretend that I do not slice my thighs with razors , that I am not covered in self harm scars , that all is well .
40,null,null,I pretend I do not fantasize every day about diving headfirst in front of a semi truck .
41,null,null,I pretend the love of my life and best friend is not homeless and is not living in a tent with a heroin addict .
42,null,null,I pretend , I pretend , I pretend .
43,null,null,I am so tired .
936 120
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am too much of a coward to even kill myself I am posting this here , not primarily to garner attention or sympathy , but
2,null,null,because I have nowhere else to turn
3,null,null,and I do not know what to do with myself .
4,null,null,I also want to try and combat some of the embarrassment and shame that I feel in regards to being clinically address , so
5,null,null,perhaps voicing what I am thinking here , it could potentially be therapeutic for me .
6,null,null,Now that is out of the way , this might get quite long , so
7,null,null,I will put a tldr at the end of this .
8,null,null,Context : I am a 20 year old girl .
9,null,null,My whole life , my sense of worth was dictated around whether I could make the people around me happy .
10,null,null,I had extremely strict and controlling parents
11,null,null,and so I had no real sense of worth other than the fact that at least I did not harbour any malicious feelings towards anyone , or try and hurt anybody deliberately .
12,null,null,I had normal teenage ' angst ' and moody , brooding periods , but absolutely not depression at all .
13,null,null,I was completely , for want of a better word , normal .
14,null,null,In April 2017 , I first had feelings of depression , when I realised how badly I had hurt someone who used to be very important in my life .
15,null,null,( it is an extremely long story and
16,null,null,I am slightly more at peace with it now
17,null,null,so I do not feel the need to explain because it would take forever ) .
18,null,null,I was incapicitated for a week , I would cry constantly , not leave my bed , and my mum would scream at me and tell me she wouldid not have time to deal with my shit ' .
19,null,null,However I had a REASON for feeling this down , so
20,null,null,whether this was the start of a biological depression , I am not quite sure .
21,null,null,Fast forward to October 2017 .
22,null,null,This is where my current situation and problems begin .
23,null,null,I am currently studying abroad in Japan- something I have been envisioning and looking forward to for 10 years .
24,null,null,Honestly , I had been constantly dreaming about this for an extremely long time .
25,null,null,It was what I felt my life was gearing towards , everything led to this .
26,null,null,However , it all went downhill .
27,null,null,My host family is incredibly lovely , I had made a couple friends on social media before even joining the university , and
28,null,null,there were so many intercultural exchange opportunities to join .
29,null,null,Yet , despite this , I could feel my mood slipping gradually .
30,null,null,I have always been a shy person and not good with strangers , but
31,null,null,I began to feel a creeping anxiety looming up on me , that told me to not bother others , that by interacting with others I was causing them inconvenience and discomfort , and the best thing for me to do was to just be alone .
32,null,null,I partly attribute it to the fact I had a really awful teacher in my first semester here .
33,null,null,Now , I think some people might think that this might be a cultural shock issue , but
34,null,null,I am pretty sure that she was crossing ANY acceptable line , no matter what culture .
35,null,null,Firstly she would be very rude to me in front of all my classmates .
36,null,null,Say if I came in without makeup , in jeans ( like , still showered , hair done , not sweatpants or anything , just not completely dolled up )
37,null,null,she would say in front of everyone '
38,null,null,Your face is not pretty enough to not wear any makeup .
39,null,null,You are scaring everyone .
40,null,null,You know girls in Japan care about their appearance .
41,null,null,You should do too , for everyone is sake ' .
42,null,null,( Also my Japanese is perfectly adequate to understand interactions like that , so I know for a fact that this was not a language barrier issue . )
43,null,null,If I got a question wrong in class she would say ' You know , I do not know why I bother asking planyourspontaneity for answers , she is so useless ' .
44,null,null,Or if we had to make example sentences she would pick examples like ' What does planyourspontaneity need ?
45,null,null,Oh planyourspontaneity needs to learn how to make some friends ' .
46,null,null,And this became like a running joke in my class .
47,null,null,I have never been bullied , so I never learnt to grow a thick skin , so this ( what felt like )
48,null,null,daily victimisation began to really grate and tear down my self esteem .
49,null,null,I felt isolated so my social anxiety caused me to isolate myself , and people ignoring me , creating a vicious circle .
50,null,null,I began to be completely mute in class , ignoring the teacher .
51,null,null,, be on my phone , having headphones in , and this obviously spurred her on as she would berate me for how I was a terrible student
52,null,null,Also I feel like it might be relevant to say how I told this teacher that the reason why I was so withdrawn and using my phone a lot was because my stepfather was undergoing cancer treatment
53,null,null,and I was worried
54,null,null,( this was true ) .
55,null,null,But she still kept calling me useless and nothe worst student
56,null,null,I have ever taught ' to everyone .
57,null,null,If I seemed withdrawn though she would stroke my thighs and lower back and neck
58,null,null,( I think this contact thing might be a cultural difference but still ) in front of everyone , which obviously made them think I was a total freak .
59,null,null,If I made eye contact with them , they would quickly shuffle away or .
60,null,null,look disgusted
61,null,null,Around November - ish time I began to suffer with very extreme bouts of depression .
62,null,null,I felt awfully ashamed- here I was living the dream I had longed for for about a decade , and
63,null,null,I was here for some reason feeling absolutely dreadful .
64,null,null,Even if I had had a fun day , I still had this lingering sadness , and
65,null,null,I would get home and cry .
66,null,null,I started seeing a counsellor which was one of the best decisions ( or rather
67,null,null,, my long distance boyfriend decided for me )
68,null,null,I ever made .
69,null,null,In December time it reached the point where I would barely go to class because the idea of seeing people , going to class , and even just getting out of my bed just seemed overwhelmingly difficult to me .
70,null,null,I would cry all the time , tug my hair and , and .
71,null,null,cut my forearms
72,null,null,would call the suicide hotline
73,null,null,My teacher emailed me numerous times , all very inappropriately about how her parents were dying to and how I should turn to God ( not that I do not think that that is a viable avenue for some people
74,null,null,, it just seemed like weird advice from my teacher )
75,null,null,I tried going on anti depressants ( Escitalopram ? )
76,null,null,but they made me vomit after just one pill
77,null,null,so I stopped straight away .
78,null,null,I travelled with my long distance boyfriend who came to Japan to see me , and .
79,null,null,felt nothing
80,null,null,Then I went to Nagano with my host family , and .
81,null,null,felt some kind of peace , and calmness
82,null,null,This calmness and general mellowness resided in me for some time , until now .
83,null,null,Current situation : My depression came back with a vengeance yesterday during the day .
84,null,null,At lunch time I locked myself into the bathrooms to cry and cry .
85,null,null,I took a tranquilliser that had been prescribed for me during bouts of extreme depression to curb the urge to self harm and it did nothing .
86,null,null,I hate myself so much .
87,null,null,This exchange , this is what I wanted my life to lead up to , and .
88,null,null,my fucking brain is ruining it all for me
89,null,null,Aside from this , I had nothing to look forward to in my life .
90,null,null,I just want to be happy , I want for people to not hate me .
91,null,null,I know most people hate me because of the way they act around me , they will not invite me to any class activities even if I am right there , and
92,null,null,I will be the only one not in the class group chat , class karaoke nights , etc etc .
93,null,null,Literally the only one .
94,null,null,I am scared of going to intercultural lounges to interact with people because they all know each other from last semester , and I can not even talk to people in real life in the first place .
95,null,null,I just feel like an alien .
96,null,null,I do not feel like I was meant to be born in this world at all .
97,null,null,All I want is to be suddenly transported into a different world .
98,null,null,I do not want to be here anymore .
99,null,null,I just want to be asleep forever .
100,null,null,I want to be dead .
101,null,null,But I am scared of death .
102,null,null,I wish I was religious
103,null,null,so I had some motivation for either killing myself and going to heaven , or for fear of hell having motivation and stay alive .
104,null,null,What if it hurts ?
105,null,null,What if the nothingness is unbearable ?
106,null,null,But I want to be dead .
107,null,null,Every time I see a train go by I want to jump so badly .
108,null,null,I know my boyfriend and family would be sad but they would get over it .
109,null,null,He would get a better , non depressed girlfriend
110,null,null,so he does not have to deal with my shit anymore .
111,null,null,My dad has a new daughter he treats better than he ever did me .
112,null,null,My mum would be devastated but
113,null,null,I do not know if I can hold on just for her sake .
114,null,null,Anyway , I know I am not such a loss to the world .
115,null,null,If anything , the vast majority of people in the world would be happy because they would not have to interact with me .
116,null,null,I have nothing to offer anyone and
117,null,null,my existence is just a waste and if I am not happy why should I even be here .
118,null,null,I wish I could gather up the courage to just do it and end it all
119,null,null,but I am a coward and
120,null,null,I am scared Thank you for reading , sorry for taking up your time .
937 14
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Well , I have never cut before ..
2,null,null,I have been tempted , but
3,null,null,I am so afraid that someone will notice and ask questions ..
4,null,null,I do not want to talk about it ..
5,null,null,Instead I hit my head against hard objects ( walls , desks , tables ) , or
6,null,null,I dig my nails into my skin , or sometimes I bite my lips or my arms hard until they leave marks , but
7,null,null,nothing permanent , in case someone were to notice ..
8,null,null,I do not bang my head as much any more , but
9,null,null,sometimes I want to ..
10,null,null,I want to hurt myself
11,null,null,and I do not know
12,null,null,why , it just pops into my head ..
13,null,null,anyone else do and / or ? ?
14,null,null,feel similar things
938 13
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I find the word " crippling depression " very true .
2,null,null,But I think it is also a vicious cycle .
3,null,null,Anyone have ever done this ?
4,null,null,It is like you stay in bed or sit around because you feel depressed .
5,null,null,And then your feet kind of go numb
6,null,null,and it makes you feel worse .
7,null,null,It is like a vicious cycle .
8,null,null,We are supposed to be using our limbs .
9,null,null,We are not statues .
10,null,null,Anyone ever tried walking around all day keeping sitting minimum ?
11,null,null,What are the effects ?
12,null,null,I am thinking of trying it tomorrow .
13,null,null,I will just try standing around or walking around all day in my house .
939 53
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I finally came out to my close friends that I have depression , and
2,null,null,now I am being alienated because I am " not mentally stable "
3,null,null,Probably a rant , but
4,null,null,what the fuck .
5,null,null,This last college semester was horrible on me , and
6,null,null,I came out of it with depression and depression meds .
7,null,null,I am 19 M in college right now .
8,null,null,I thought it was pretty obvious , but
9,null,null,I wanted to tell my friends about why I have been talking less and have been hermitting myself out a little .
10,null,null,So the next time we are all together , I tell them that I have depression and that is why I am taking meds
11,null,null,and that is why I have gotten so quiet ,
12,null,null,ect .
13,null,null,And .. Barely any response .
14,null,null,Basically just some " oh , ok ..
15,null,null,"
16,null,null,Like really ?
17,null,null,But it get is better .
18,null,null,So the night after I tell them , I get a message from one of my " friends " , whom I was going to room with next year .
19,null,null,The message said , .
20,null,null,and I can quote , that they " do not feel safe around a mentally dark person " in their house
21,null,null,Ok , what ?
22,null,null,Even better , the convo goes on and ..
23,null,null,says that my group of friends were talking
24,null,null,And they do not want to , in quotes again , " Associate with a mentally dark person " as a friend .
25,null,null,Like what the fuck ?
26,null,null,It is been a week and
27,null,null,they have lived up to it .
28,null,null,Suddenly I am not getting invited anywhere or anything .
29,null,null,If I am with my friends ( I still try to hang out ) , I will get heavily ignored .
30,null,null,Like what the fuck , my depression has now gotten so much worse .
31,null,null,I want to ditch every single one of them , but
32,null,null,I honestly do not have any other close friends outside of this group .
33,null,null,I am trying my best to find new friends , and
34,null,null,if that happens , I will happily leave these people who consider depression sufferers " dark and unstable and unsafe " .
35,null,null,Just needed to rant Edit : Also thank you for all the hug PMs they really do help ; - ;
36,null,null,Edit 2 :
37,null,null,Wow this blew up , in my point of view anyways .
38,null,null,I am going to talk to them , and .
39,null,null,cut out whoever is still toxic about it
40,null,null,I am going to try hard to make new friends .
41,null,null,*
42,null,null,*
43,null,null,I WILL MAKE A PART 2 TO THIS IN MAYBE
44,null,null,A WEEK OR TWO , JUST TO UPDATE WHAT IS HAPPENING BECAUSE A LOT OF PEOPLE
45,null,null,SEEM
46,null,null,TO HAVE GONE
47,null,null,/ ARE GOING
48,null,null,THROUGH THIS
49,null,null,AND I WANT TO HELP THEM
50,null,null,IF I CAN WITH MY CURRENT STUGGLE
51,null,null,*
52,null,null,*
53,null,null,Edit 3 : REALLY THANK YOU FOR ALL THE HUG COMMENTS AND PMs ; - ;
940 9
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I was not supposed to live this long
2,null,null,I tried to kill myself on my birthday , january 7th , but .
3,null,null,failed because i vomited up all of the drain cleaner I drank
4,null,null,They kept me in a psych ward for a week .
5,null,null,I just came back home
6,null,null,and it is kinda surreal
7,null,null,given that i packed all my shit up and wrapped up most loose
8,null,null,ends the only feeling I can compare this to is like beating an open - world game and just wandering around with nothing left to do .
9,null,null,Honestly I am prepared to die but am not willing to overcome my instinctual fear of death again .
941 19
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Why does it seem like everyone is irritated with me all the time ?
2,null,null,It always feels like people want to get away from me .
3,null,null,I feel like my personality make me way too annoying for people to want to be around , unless they have to in the workplace , to which they just get more and more irritated as the hours go by .
4,null,null,This is not just like being in a bad friend group , ABSOLUTELY EVERYONE
5,null,null,I know has needed a break from me or .
6,null,null,told me to go away
7,null,null,Counselors who are getting paid to deal with me make me feel like I am being too annoying .
8,null,null,Maybe I am talking over them too much or
9,null,null,I am too jittery .
10,null,null,I feel like people are always trying to dominate me or shut me down .
11,null,null,No one has every seemed to seek me out or wanted to be around me .
12,null,null,I am the only person that enjoys my company and
13,null,null,that is all I have .
14,null,null,I talk to myself a lot .
15,null,null,I make myself laugh a lot .
16,null,null,This is occurring to me as I am typing it
17,null,null,and I feel like crying .
18,null,null,I just want a person I can make laugh and inspire .
19,null,null,I want to make a difference in someone else is life .
942 25
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I just feel trapped I am finishing up my Masters degree and just feel hopeless right now .
2,null,null,I hate school .
3,null,null,I am starting to hate my field of study too .
4,null,null,I play the trumpet .
5,null,null,But to be honest , I am not very good at it .
6,null,null,High notes , any other trumpet player will be able to understand .
7,null,null,In the past two years , my playing has underwent some other terrible thing where I hesitate at the start of anything I play .
8,null,null,It is 100 percent mental .
9,null,null,I have made some strides in it , but
10,null,null,it still comes back .
11,null,null,For the past two years , it has made me feel like I can not even play a simple fucking melody to someone if asked .
12,null,null,Trumpet is basically my adventure , but
13,null,null,it seems like I just cause myself pain .
14,null,null,I want to keep working on it , but
15,null,null,boy it hurts my soul to suck and to keep not doing well .
16,null,null,On top of that , I struggle with my weight .
17,null,null,I love fast food .
18,null,null,I know it is bad , but
19,null,null,I use it to cope .
20,null,null,I also would love to stop watching porn .
21,null,null,I am addicted to that .
22,null,null,I have been addicted to that since I was probably in the 4th grade .
23,null,null,I just feel trapped , like I do not have the self control or am not smart enough to discipline myself to fix these problems .
24,null,null,I am just sick of being a loser in life .
25,null,null,Is there any hope ?
943 23
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Does anyone care ?
2,null,null,I have 1 friend
3,null,null,but I have not physically seen them in 7 years
4,null,null,but we FaceTime and .
5,null,null,talk every single day until recently
6,null,null,No big deal I am pretty used and expect people to drift out of my life .
7,null,null,I know people who I used to be friends with
8,null,null,but now we are just accquantences , we do not talk at all but .
9,null,null,follow each other on social media
10,null,null,But here is the thing , when you post things on social media about how you are ready to kill your self or how depressed you are and
11,null,null,you do not even get a text asking if you are okay-
12,null,null,does that mean no one cares ?
13,null,null,I see them caring about other people
14,null,null,but they never seen to make sure if I am okay .
15,null,null,I mean I do not expect them to , but
16,null,null,I know when I see people that I care about talking like that I need to make sure that they are okay .
17,null,null,I mean , how can you say you are friends with someone but not even say anything when they are threatening to kill the selves .
18,null,null,It is weird , you will be Sauk g how much you want to die
19,null,null,and how depressed you are and
20,null,null,no one will say anything
21,null,null,BUT they will make sure to send you a picture on Snapchat to keep the streak lol .
22,null,null,Worthy enough for a number on Snapchat but just wondering if anyone is expierencing this or idk .
23,null,null,not worthy enough to live in their eyes Sorry for the rant ,
944 121
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I have never talked about this to anyone I have struggled with depression since I was in 2nd grade .
2,null,null,For the last 7 years it is gotten worst , I am 20 at the moment .
3,null,null,When I was 13 I was raped occasionally .
4,null,null,Being raped when it first happen did not bother me as much because I did nt understand what was happening until years later .
5,null,null,What did bother me at the time was that I felt alone .
6,null,null,I have always felt alone , never felt like anyone cared for me or about me .
7,null,null,I fought with my mom and .
8,null,null,step dad a lot which made me feel even more lonely
9,null,null,I never talked about feeling lonely to anyone because I was always embarrassed about it and still do .
10,null,null,Because me and my parents had a rocky relationship I would be abused by both at times .
11,null,null,One time I was arguing with my mom
12,null,null,and she ended up getting a 2 by 4 and .
13,null,null,started hitting me with it
14,null,null,I never rasied my hands at my parents , just talked a lot of shit and was an asshole to them .
15,null,null,My parents kicked me out of their house when I was 14 .
16,null,null,I ended up living with my grandpa .
17,null,null,This made me feel unwanted and even more lonely now that my parents gave up on me .
18,null,null,I lived with my grandpa for about 9 months before he sent me back to my parents because he could not " afford " to keep me .
19,null,null,I was not an asshole to my grandpa nor
20,null,null,was
21,null,null,I mean to him , I just was a teen who stayed up late and took long showers .
22,null,null,My grandpa giving up on me was heartbreaking for me .
23,null,null,I felt like no one wanted me and
24,null,null,if I ended everything then everything would be better .
25,null,null,I did not even last a week at my parents house , they shipped me off to live with some family who lived in the rural country area instead of the city .
26,null,null,I lived there for maybe 4 months and .
27,null,null,finished my freshmen year of high school there
28,null,null,I did not feel welcomed anywhere I went and for the most part
29,null,null,I felt more beyond alone .
30,null,null,Majority of the time at my uncle is I was in my room , alone and desperate for a friend .
31,null,null,After 4 lonely months of really being alone
32,null,null,I was given back to my parents again .
33,null,null,After coming home broken I learned to keep to myself .
34,null,null,No one wanted me and no one cared .
35,null,null,When I got back home I was sent to an all boy high school .
36,null,null,Once again I had to go to a new school and try to fit in somehow .
37,null,null,I was lonely for a while until I met this girl .
38,null,null,I am afraid to write her name
39,null,null,incase
40,null,null,she ever reads this
41,null,null,and it hurts reading /
42,null,null,writing it
43,null,null,but I need to get this off my chest .
44,null,null,I met this beautiful girl named Cindy at a school function .
45,null,null,She went to the all girl school down a couple streets .
46,null,null,Both all gender schools would make events for each other to get students that social interaction .
47,null,null,Anyways I meet this beautiful girl named Cindy , she was nice to me
48,null,null,and I was nice to her .
49,null,null,We dated for over a year and .
50,null,null,while it lasted it was nice
51,null,null,The way she broke up with me literally broke me .
52,null,null,I was having a really sad day and .
53,null,null,told her about how I struggle with really bad depression and that I have suicidal thoughts
54,null,null,Her response was " oh " and
55,null,null,she slowly stopped talking to me .
56,null,null,Eventually she stopped talking to me and when she did talk to me
57,null,null,she made excuses about not having time to talk to me .
58,null,null,She was my only friend , the only person I was close to .
59,null,null,She could not be there for me when I needed her most , when I needed a friend most .
60,null,null,So I stayed alone thinking maybe school was too much for her at the moment .
61,null,null,Then one day I get on Facebook only to see her on it , I clicked on her page and .
62,null,null,saw that she had been on hanging out with friends and having the time of her life
63,null,null,She slowly broke me , I could not handle it and .
64,null,null,called her to confront her about it
65,null,null,She made excuses and ,
66,null,null,talked about how she did nt have time for me at the moment
67,null,null,so she hung up and left it alone .
68,null,null,I was reaching my breaking point , I was going to commit suicide .
69,null,null,I sent her a text message talking about how I needed her to talk to me and be a friend because I was getting worst .
70,null,null,She never responded to me however she did get in contact with my school to let them know what I was dealing with .
71,null,null,I was so embarrassed that she did this to me
72,null,null,, I felt betrayed and hurt that she made me the schools problem instead of hers .
73,null,null,It hurt ne so bad .
74,null,null,I was embarrassed that the school knew ,
75,null,null,I was embarrassed that my parents knew now .
76,null,null,I wanted to kill myself more than ever now .
77,null,null,I was so hurt by this and .
78,null,null,was angry at Cindy
79,null,null,I went home and .
80,null,null,tried stabbing myself
81,null,null,My mom went in my room to talk to me ,
82,null,null,just so happened at that moment
83,null,null,I had a kitchen knife in my hand to stab myself .
84,null,null,My mon fought me over it and .
85,null,null,sent me to a psychiatric hospital
86,null,null,I stayed there until December 23rd .
87,null,null,At the hospital I tried killing myself twice .
88,null,null,First time was when the guards / residents give you cracks , I ate the crackers but .
89,null,null,stuffed the wrapper down my throat
90,null,null,One if the residents heard me making choking nosies and came in to save me .
91,null,null,Second time was when I started swallowing my food instead of chewing on it to choke me out again .
92,null,null,They put me on these medications that did not help
93,null,null,but I acted like they did
94,null,null,so I can go home .
95,null,null,I was alone again , Cindy stopped talking to me .
96,null,null,It broke my heart and .
97,null,null,broke me
98,null,null,It is been 4 years since Cindy
99,null,null,and I am not over it .
100,null,null,It still kills me about what happened .
101,null,null,I am still depressed and suicidal .
102,null,null,I honestly wish I did kill myself when I had the courage to do so .
103,null,null,There has not been much for me other than pain .
104,null,null,I have not moved on and
105,null,null,I have not gotten over everything .
106,null,null,This was my deepest darkest moment in my life so far .
107,null,null,I wish I could say things got better for me since all of that
108,null,null,but true is they have not .
109,null,null,I am still the same lonely person I have always felt I have been for the longest time .
110,null,null,I have tried dating in college and
111,null,null,I have never had feelings for anyone .
112,null,null,Do not have many friends and .
113,null,null,do not have any real reasons to be here still
114,null,null,I am just waiting on that one thing to break me down to give me courage .
115,null,null,If you read this thank you .
116,null,null,I m
117,null,null,sorry
118,null,null,I made you read a lot
119,null,null,and I am sorry that I am this way .
120,null,null,I will get better one day but .
121,null,null,not soon
945 18
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,i can only do so many intro is , then i get real sick of talking ( writing ) about me .
2,null,null,i have depression / anxiety .
3,null,null,I am not medicated , and
4,null,null,though the va would provide medicines , I am done with them for now .
5,null,null,Now that I have not homeless anymore
6,null,null,i have the stability to get proper rest and nutrition , which have been sorely lacking .
7,null,null,I have just started taking vitamins , and
8,null,null,though i did get a membership to the ymca to work out , I have yet to bottle up the anxiety enough to go in .
9,null,null,i used to love being in the gym , now it is available , and
10,null,null,I am frozen to my apartment .
11,null,null,it will come .
12,null,null,I have had stability for three weeks now , and
13,null,null,I am essentially relearning life .
14,null,null,I have had to make myself go out and walk around the park at three in the morning to get exercise .
15,null,null,With God is help , the support i can gather about , and an open heart , i will regain my sense of self .
16,null,null,Thank you for being here so that i can post this .
17,null,null,i know that you folks understand .
18,null,null,Peace
946 12
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,anyone who can offer me advice on this it would be amazing !
2,null,null,my girlfriend is the greatest girl I have ever met , i love her and .
3,null,null,want to marry her eventually
4,null,null,Here is my problem though : she is still in high school .
5,null,null,and ever since i moved away to university
6,null,null,i have been constantly constantly worrying about things i can not control .
7,null,null,like when she drinks with her friends , and whether or not I will still love her in a month , whether or not she is going to suddenly ask herself " what am i doing in a long distance relationship anyway ? " .
8,null,null,these are all ridiculous things to worry about .
9,null,null,not only because she loves me to the ends of the earth , but .
10,null,null,because i have ZERO control over them
11,null,null,these worries are driving me insane and slowly ripping up our relationship .
12,null,null,does anyone have any advice to offer ?
947 42
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am not worth it
2,null,null,I just do not feel like I am worth anyone is time or effort , and
3,null,null,I just feel like a burden to everyone .
4,null,null,I have a part time job ( anywhere between 20 - 39 hours a week ) and
5,null,null,I am at college ( in the UK & amp
6,null,null,; I am 18)and
7,null,null,I am constantly tired .
8,null,null,My mum is such a lovely person , but I really do feel like she would be better off without me , she is always complaining how she never has time to do anything
9,null,null,( she works 30 hours a week
10,null,null,+ she always cooks + but and
11,null,null,cleans up after my stepdad and brother
12,null,null,complains about any mess I have made )
13,null,null,I am lazy , messy and I quite often ruin her day .
14,null,null,But I am sure I have ruined her whole life .
15,null,null,She had me when she was 19 , which meant she had to quit her job because she could not afford childcare
16,null,null,and she had an abusive step - dad , who would refuse to let her mum look after me , and
17,null,null,she also fell out with her very religious grandparents as she was not married ( they have since made up ) .
18,null,null,She then could not get a job until I started school ( which is actually a decent job ) .
19,null,null,At this new job , she met my step - dad ( after a few years ) and
20,null,null,they have since had a child together
21,null,null,( who also does not seem to like me one bit ) .
22,null,null,My step dad seems to hate me more than my mum does , but
23,null,null,I can not complain because neither of them are abusive , and this is one of my problems ; I feel like I should not moan about anything in my life ; I live in a decent sized 3 bedroom house
24,null,null,, I have an education and
25,null,null,I also have a job .
26,null,null,Whilst my mum lived with her abusive step - dad , was forced to quit college ( so she could get a job to start paying rent ) and .
27,null,null,was also forced to baby sit whilst her parents went out drinking every other night
28,null,null,Yet here I am , never feeling happy , without many friends ( I talk to the people at work when I am there
29,null,null,and I have 2 other friends that I speak to around twice a month ,
30,null,null,normally because there other friends are busy and
31,null,null,they want to complain about their boyfriends , or because the other friend does not want to go shopping on her own ( another reason why I do not have a reason to be negative ; she was in care and now classified as homeless as she is now 18 and not catered for in the care system , so now she has to live in temporary accommodation with lots of drug users in the same building . )
32,null,null,I feel like I just ruin everything ,
33,null,null,if I am downstairs with my family , there always seems to be an argument , even if I am not involved in the argument .
34,null,null,But if everyone else is in the living room , whilst I am upstairs in my own , I can only ever here them laughing and .
35,null,null,enjoying themselves
36,null,null,It is like , even when I have not done anything , I seem to just produce a negative atmosphere .
37,null,null,I really do not want to be here anymore
38,null,null,, if I disappeared , it would not really effect any one
39,null,null,, my mum might be upset at first
40,null,null,but she would quickly realise how much better her life is without me .
41,null,null,The problem is that I am even too lazy and stupid to kill myself , so
42,null,null,I am just secretly hoping that a medical issue that has been ongoing for a while ( and I have not been to the doctor is in years because I would just be wasting their time , when they could be helping someone better than me ) is serious , and nature will take its cause ..
948 6
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,what is it like coming off anti - depressants ?
2,null,null,I heard that if you are on them for longer than 3 months it is really difficult .
3,null,null,You get brain zaps and all kinds of side affects .
4,null,null,Is this true ?
5,null,null,Can somebody with experience please let me know what s
6,null,null,it was like for you ?
949 13
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Hitting a rough patch - any words of encouragement or friendship would be helpful .
2,null,null,Hey all , I am having a really rough time - I am confused , sad , and afraid .
3,null,null,I have had anxiety and depression for years , but .
4,null,null,had some very good months until recently things have gotten very bad
5,null,null,My thoughts are dark and
6,null,null,I feel trapped .
7,null,null,I have close friends and family
8,null,null,but I just can not get the words out to describe how I am feeling .
9,null,null,I feel numb , dissociated from reality , easily fatigued , and just very sad .
10,null,null,I do not believe I will get better or my future is bright .
11,null,null,I am convinced I am destined to be unhappy and that I will not find love .
12,null,null,I want to scream out with how awful I feel .
13,null,null,I just want someone to understand , someone to tell me it is going to be ok
950 27
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,i am 20 years old .
2,null,null,i work a landscape job .
3,null,null,my girlfriend who is pregnant lives 3 hours away .
4,null,null,i love her to death and plan on marriage
5,null,null,but i can not stop thinking of her past sex life .
6,null,null,Its small numbers and very insignificant compared to my past but
7,null,null,for some reason i ca nt brush it off .
8,null,null,i wish we were each others ' first and so does she .
9,null,null,we fight constantly , mostly because I am so irritable and defensive .
10,null,null,She is happy in cosmetology school .
11,null,null,i think I am jealous of seeing her so happy with life and
12,null,null,me hating it so much .
13,null,null,i feel like i have no goal in life .
14,null,null,I am going to try to become a tattoo artist and move down there to be with her soon .
15,null,null,we are amazing in person
16,null,null,but when we are apart it is horrible .
17,null,null,i went from living near her to far away
18,null,null,and i hate it .
19,null,null,i think about her all day at work and .
20,null,null,can not talk to her because i do not have a phone at work
21,null,null,i can not stop digging into her past .
22,null,null,when we do fight i hurt myself and
23,null,null,it makes me feel better .
24,null,null,i ca nt afford professional help or medicine because i have no insurance .
25,null,null,i am getting better and
26,null,null,i am happy that I am moving with her .
27,null,null,but what do i do until then ?
951 7
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Does anyone else find masturbation numb when their depressed ?
2,null,null,Not numb physically , but just so much like a routine now that it feels numb .
3,null,null,Kind of like " i know this is nt going to help me feel less lonely , but .
4,null,null,having an orgasm feels pretty nice for now "
5,null,null,I do nt know
6,null,null,i just hate looking back at my day and realizing i wasted so much time doing nothing but wanking .
7,null,null,Anyone has advice for this ?
952 29
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Have you ever cried for missing your childhood so bad ?
2,null,null,Well I often do , quite sometimes frankly .
3,null,null,I just miss those good old days , when life was just so beautiful and easy .
4,null,null,Nothing to worry about , nothing to cry for other than silly childish little things .
5,null,null,My childhood was so beautiful .
6,null,null,It was in France .
7,null,null,It is been now a whole decade since I left France - the country I have always admired and will always do .
8,null,null,I remember going to school , having so many friends
9,null,null,, I felt like I am the happiest child on Earth .
10,null,null,Then suddenly one day , everything changed .
11,null,null,The passing of time took away from me my childhood , my friends , my beloved France .
12,null,null,Life suddenly just changed like that .
13,null,null,No more joy , no more innocence , no more real friends , no more homeland .
14,null,null,No more beautiful sunny days , only darkness , depression , nostalgia and tears .
15,null,null,I am trying to survive day by day through this hell on Earth .
16,null,null,Each time those memories of my childhood flashbacks , I can not help stopping the tears that drop from my eyes .
17,null,null,Whenever someone mentions France , I get overwhelmed .
18,null,null,I am living the hardest time of my life .
19,null,null,A 10-year " war in lifetime " , as I call it , still going on , and .
20,null,null,does not seem to have an end soon
21,null,null,I know those good old times are just memories , obviously .
22,null,null,Tomorrow when I wake up , things will be just the same .
23,null,null,But my hope will never die .
24,null,null,My redemption will come , soon or late .
25,null,null,This moment of my life will also be just memories , just like those good old days of my childhood in France .
26,null,null,I did not go in detail 'cause I do not think many people will be interested in my story .
27,null,null,But if you are , I would not mind sharing you the whole story , as long as you can share me yours .
28,null,null,And how about you ?
29,null,null,Have you ever cried for missing your childhood so bad ?
953 37
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am ready to be okay with being alone ..
2,null,null,I want to be okay with being alone .
3,null,null,Physically and .
4,null,null,mentally
5,null,null,Some days I can go home from work and ..
6,null,null,be okay
7,null,null,but most days I can not .
8,null,null,I just get really sad .
9,null,null,And I do not even know why .
10,null,null,I cry .. for no reason .
11,null,null,I am just super upset .
12,null,null,And just constantly wonder how great it would be to never feel this again .
13,null,null,I often wish I could just be gone and not exist anymore .
14,null,null,But I do not want to kill myself ..
15,null,null,idk how to explain it .
16,null,null,I want to be able to be okay without having friends .
17,null,null,I have two friends .
18,null,null,And lately I feel like they are just both rude to me and just do not care anymore ..
19,null,null,( they are not friends with each other
20,null,null,so they are not like ganging up on me . )
21,null,null,I just feel like I am less important to them .
22,null,null,And they are both just so important to me .
23,null,null,And I wish more than Anything I could be on my own and .
24,null,null,not need them
25,null,null,I am really not sure what I am tryin to say .
26,null,null,Other then .. I am just not sure if I want to continue this life anymore .
27,null,null,But I can not kill myself .
28,null,null,I lost my mom about a year ago .
29,null,null,Well she is alive ..
30,null,null,just not the same .
31,null,null,She was in a motorcycle wreck , and
32,null,null,she is a totally new person .
33,null,null,I can not even stand to be around her .
34,null,null,We were best friends .
35,null,null,And now I do not even have her .
36,null,null,I know this sounds pitiful
37,null,null,but I just do not know what to do anymore ..
954 5
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Laid off today Had a good year for the most part , but .
2,null,null,walked into work today and after about an hour I got laid off after 3 years
3,null,null,Man ..
4,null,null,the shame and self disappointment was pretty hefty telling my girlfriend .
5,null,null,It makes me feel less viable as a man , not even sure of the future anymore .
955 32
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I want to share a personal project I am proud of
2,null,null,A month ago I was feeling completely unmotivated to do anything .
3,null,null,I was feeling that none of my connections with friends are as deep as they used to be , that I am not as close to my family as I used to be , that nothing I do at work really matters , and that my health is slowly deteriorating .
4,null,null,I just wanted to quit at everything .
5,null,null,Then I was hanging out with a friend I had not seen in a while , and
6,null,null,he admitted to me that he had been struggling with depression , so we both opened up about it .
7,null,null,He ended up recommending the book "
8,null,null,Feeling Good " to me , since it had helped him improve a lot .
9,null,null,I read it and ..
10,null,null,was initially a bit disappointed
11,null,null,some parts were underwhelming , some felt annoying / condescending , and
12,null,null,the solution to every problem seemed to be the " three - column technique . "
13,null,null,But after trying a few of the exercises in the book , I admit it turned out to be somewhat helpful .
14,null,null,One of the exercises / quizzes in the book is the " Depression Checklist , " which ( as I am sure many of you are aware of )
15,null,null,assesses your level of depression on a scale from 1 to 100 .
16,null,null,At the time , I was scoring in the " Moderate " range .
17,null,null,After a couple weeks of applying some of the exercises , I was down to the " Mild " range .
18,null,null,So I decided to create a project that might help me learn a bit more about myself , with regard to the effect of my daily habits on my level of depression .
19,null,null,What I wanted to build was a simple web app that would let me score my productivity on a daily basis ( based on exercising , reading , socializing , meditating , etc ) and .
20,null,null,then plot that against my daily depression score
21,null,null,I wanted to see if there was a correlation between higher productivity and lower depression , or .
22,null,null,if certain activities had a greater impact on my mood
23,null,null,Ironically what I discovered was that working on the project itself was a huge mood - booster for me , since it gave me a sense of purpose and was a great outlet for creativity .
24,null,null,As I have gotten further along in the work , I have noticed my depression level has slowly started rising again .
25,null,null,But for a while , I was actually in the " Normal " range of depressive emotions !
26,null,null,I could not believe it .
27,null,null,Regardless , the project has also given me more insight into a few things that drastically help my mood .
28,null,null,Even though my mood is not at the level it was a couple weeks ago , it is nice to know that investing in personal projects gives me a lot of satisfaction
29,null,null,( Also if anyone is interested in trying out the app , feel free to check it out [ here ] ( ) .
30,null,null,It is stupid simple and still a work in progress , but
31,null,null,I am still kinda proud of it ..
32,null,null,and if it were able to help even just one other person , that would make me pretty happy & lt;3 )
956 8
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I find myself hating birthdays and Christmas
2,null,null,now Those are the times when you are surrounded by friends and feel loved .
3,null,null,I do not get that
4,null,null,so I find myself starting to hate it .
5,null,null,And I feel bad about feeling this way ?
6,null,null,I feel bad that I am the one who can not seem to smile and laugh when everyone else around me can do it just fine .
7,null,null,I feel bad that I am the one at school that is known for never smiling .
8,null,null,That must be why no one tries to talk to me .
957 5
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Dreams of ex Just as things were getting better , it all crumbled on me with dreams of her .
2,null,null,We broke up in early December , no contact ever since .
3,null,null,It is been a horrible struggle recovering from the breakup .
4,null,null,My coping techniques are not working and
5,null,null,I am slowly starting to give up at this point , sick and tired of feeling miserable .
958 8
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I can not wait for this to pass !
2,null,null,I just found out about my boyfriend and another woman this weekend .
3,null,null,When I confronted him he told me to leave and has not talked to me .
4,null,null,I feel so low and .
5,null,null,can not sleep
6,null,null,I am barely eating and .
7,null,null,spent the day at work fighting back tears
8,null,null,It feels unbearable right now .
959 5
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,The days are manageable ; it is the years that get me Day to day , .
2,null,null,aside from the struggle with getting out of bed , I can do OK
3,null,null,Put the mask on , survive the day , go home , go back to sleep
4,null,null,( I guess I am what they call high - functioning ) .
5,null,null,The idea that I am going to have to do this forever until I die makes me want to move that date up a bit .
960 15
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I can not handle this anymore
2,null,null,I have no perspective in life .
3,null,null,I am 19
4,null,null,but I feel like a 50 year old alcoholic .
5,null,null,When I drink , I can not stop .
6,null,null,Just for your information : I am " only " a social drinker .
7,null,null,But the thing is , I am done .
8,null,null,I do not know how I could get old .
9,null,null,I can not handle life now even though I get everything spoonfed by my parents .
10,null,null,I do not know how I could handle it later .
11,null,null,I am at that point where I do not even care if a car hits me .
12,null,null,The thought of death is just so relieving .
13,null,null,Btw I am incredibly drunk ( again )
14,null,null,right now
15,null,null,and I just wanted to share this .
961 8
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I can not even handle the suicide hotline ..
2,null,null,I tried calling them and
3,null,null,as soon as the guy on the other end started speaking , I had an incredible sense of fear
4,null,null,and I started to cry and hung up .
5,null,null,Fuck fuck fuck fuck .
6,null,null,That guy could be saving lives and
7,null,null,i am here fucking wasting his time .
8,null,null,I really should just fucking kill myself .
962 19
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,In major distress because of my appearance This is something I have struggled with for so long , I do not know if I will ever get over it .
2,null,null,Just when I think I feel " " ok " " with myself
3,null,null,I look go
4,null,null,look into the mirror and .
5,null,null,see a monster staring back at me
6,null,null,Do not even get me started on cell photos .
7,null,null,No matter what angles I take or if I am wearing make up
8,null,null,I look horrible .
9,null,null,I analyze all my facial features and compare them to conventionally attractive women , I know everything that is wrong with my face
10,null,null,and why I will never be called beautiful or sexy or even cute .
11,null,null,I guess this must explain why I am gawked at so much in public .
12,null,null,Imagining what I must look like from someone elses point of view makes me feel ill .
13,null,null,I will never be effortlessly beautiful .
14,null,null,I lost the genetic lottery .
15,null,null,I am reminded of this whenever I see photos or gifs of young female models .
16,null,null,My DNA is wrong .
17,null,null,I do not know what I did to deserve this .
18,null,null,I do not even have enough money to get cosmetic surgery .
19,null,null,I hate this .
963 10
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Dropping by to mention you should take some Vitamin D supplements .
2,null,null,Of course , check with your doctor .
3,null,null,Etc . etc .
4,null,null,Vitamin D is the sunshine pill that most people are deficient in .
5,null,null,This is also much more of an issue in colder areas or for those who cover up from the sun often .
6,null,null,The best way to get vitamin D is through certain food combinations and routines in sitting in delicate morning sunlight and in most cases , taking a supplement is necessary to keep this vitamin flowing in your body .
7,null,null,Vitamin D is best absorbed with calcium , so if you are taking a supplement , finding foods , or sitting in the sun consider to add the calcium as well .
8,null,null,You will find that your mood will be better or more stable with vitamin D consumption .
9,null,null,Make sure to strive for a more regulated sleeping schedule as well and something to keep your mind stimulated without an electronic screen .
10,null,null,I may have butchered a lot of this vitamin D thing so please take the time to read this : If you need anything , message me .
964 7
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Tired I m so tired
2,null,null,i do nt wanna get up in the morning .
3,null,null,So tired , making me skip school .
4,null,null,So tired , i ca nt even play video games .
5,null,null,So tired , i wanna cut off all connections .
6,null,null,So tired , i do nt wanna do anything .
7,null,null,So tired.im just so tired , that i do nt wanna do anything anymore .
965 12
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Hi there , I have never posted anything before
2,null,null,so I do not know if this will work .
3,null,null,Does anyone have that feeling in the back of your throat like you are going to cry ?
4,null,null,I have it off / on throughout the day
5,null,null,sometimes it is so bad I have to really concentrate not to let the tears come .
6,null,null,I am on Effexor xr now and .
7,null,null,adrrall 2x / day
8,null,null,Sometimes the medicine makes a difference but
9,null,null,most of the time not .
10,null,null,I have been on a bunch of other medicines but
11,null,null,they usually only work for 6months then the feelings of sadness come back again .
12,null,null,Anyone else had this throat feeling ?
966 14
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Spending Valentine is Day alone .. when I should not be .
2,null,null,Over the weekend , I told a girl who i thought liked me too about how I felt about her
3,null,null,and I asked if she wanted to go to dinner on Valentine is Day .
4,null,null,I thought it would be a nice thing ..
5,null,null,her
6,null,null,and I are very similar , we do not have great social skills , we both write for our schools newspaper and other crap .
7,null,null,Her response was nice , but
8,null,null,I feel like I totally fucked up with a beautiful girl .
9,null,null,I have never really had anything with a girl and
10,null,null,I am 21 years old .
11,null,null,So , I guess I am alone tmrw when I could have asked the girl if she just wanted to hang out .
12,null,null,Just being in her presence is so fun , but
13,null,null,now I feel so much negative tension between us .
14,null,null,Fuck .
967 46
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I AM LOOKING FOR ADVISE ON MY MEDICATIONS BEFORE I CALL MY DOCTOR BACK
2,null,null,AND SHE THINKS I AM DRUG SEEKING .
3,null,null,OK , I HAD BEEN ON WELLBUTRIN FOR 1 1/2 YEARS , I FORGET THE DOSES ,
4,null,null,BUT I THEN WAS
5,null,null,PUT ON EFFXOR
6,null,null,DUE TO MY PERSISTANT DEPRESSION .
7,null,null,I WAS NOT FEELING ANY EFFECTS FROM THE WELLBURTIN
8,null,null,SO WE QUIT TAKING THAT
9,null,null,AND MY DOCTOR PUT ME
10,null,null,ON ADDERALL ! !
11,null,null,BECAUSE MY DEPRESSION WAS A LOT BETTER
12,null,null,AND WE THEN WERE GOING TO WORK ON THE ADD .
13,null,null,WELL I HAD TAKEN THAT FOR 3 MONTHS
14,null,null,AND I HATED EVERY DAY OF IT .
15,null,null,I WANTED TO TAKE IT
16,null,null,BECAUSE WELL
17,null,null,SEVERAL REASONS
18,null,null,AND I KNOW NOW THAT
19,null,null,I DONT WANT NOTHING TO DO WITH THAT EVER AGAIN ! !
20,null,null,WOW ! !
21,null,null,BUT NOW WITHOUT THE ADDERALL OR
22,null,null,THE WELLBUTRIN
23,null,null,I CAN NOT GET MOVING
24,null,null,, I AM
25,null,null,TIRED EVERYDAY ALL DAY
26,null,null,, I SLEEP
27,null,null,ALL THE TIME , CAN NOT GET ANYTHING DONE , I HAVE NO MOTIVATION .
28,null,null,I AM NOT DEPRESSED
29,null,null,BUT I CANT GET UP
30,null,null,EITHER .
31,null,null,DOES ANYONE HAVE ANY ADIVSE FOR ME ?
32,null,null,I WANT TO CALL HER IN A FEW DAYS
33,null,null,BUT I AM SCARED & NERVOIS .
34,null,null,I AM NOT DUE BACK IN HER OFFICE
35,null,null,TILL LIKE
36,null,null,MAY SOMETHING &
37,null,null,I
38,null,null,CAN'T GO THAT LONG
39,null,null,, I HAVE SUFFERED ENOUGH FOR ONE PERSON ( 30 YEARS )
40,null,null,BUT I AM NOT BRAVE
41,null,null,ENOUGH TO CALL HER WITHOUT SOME SOLID INFORMATION ON MY PART .
42,null,null,I HOPE SOMEONE CAN HELP ME .
43,null,null,I WANT TO BE NORMAL AND WELL .
44,null,null,I WANT TO HAVE A WONDERFUL SUMMER WITH MY DAUGHTERS
45,null,null,BEFORE THEY GROW UP AND ! !
46,null,null,ARE , , GROWN
968 27
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I do not know what to do with my life and
2,null,null,I am running out of time .
3,null,null,Lately I feel like I am expecting too much about life , I am afraid that it will never be what i wanted it to be .
4,null,null,I feel that my dreams will never come true .
5,null,null,And I do not even have a dream .
6,null,null,Since I do not know what to do with my life and what career to study , the only thing I can is overthink .
7,null,null,I know I am young but thinking about the future makes me so anxious .
8,null,null,The only thing I want is to be happy .
9,null,null,My friends in school always rushed me about my career , they made fun of me because I did not know what to study .
10,null,null,I was the best in my class
11,null,null,so they were surprised .
12,null,null,I stopped talking to them because I was so ashamed about dropping out university .
13,null,null,I started studying IT Engineer career
14,null,null,but I could not take it .
15,null,null,I feel like that was not for me .
16,null,null,I am afraid that I would never find something that I really like .
17,null,null,Please do not judge me like them .
18,null,null,I do not want to go outside
19,null,null,, I do not want to people see me , I am such a failure .
20,null,null,I feel like i am dissapointing everyone in my family .
21,null,null,I wanted to help them , but
22,null,null,I can not do anything .
23,null,null,I do not know anything .
24,null,null,I do not know what to do with my life .
25,null,null,I feel like I am running out of time .
26,null,null,I am a mess .
27,null,null,I just wish I could dissapear .
969 13
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,isolation have not left my house since October and
2,null,null,it is starting to take a toll on me .
3,null,null,I am paranoid as fuck
4,null,null,and i am starting to lose it .
5,null,null,Sometimes I can not tell the difference between dreams and reality
6,null,null,, I took my phone apart and
7,null,null,threw the pieces everywhere
8,null,null,so the only contact I have had with people has been on here since then .
9,null,null,I want to gain the confidence to take my life
10,null,null,and I think I am on the right track .
11,null,null,I think the only reason i am scared is because society tells you suicide is bad and my religious upbringing taught me that it is sinful .
12,null,null,I do not care about any of that crap anymore
13,null,null,, i do not care about anything or anyone
970 13
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Our teacher made us read about a child that invented a lead detection device .
2,null,null,Meanwhile I am failing classes .
3,null,null,I do not know how to write this .
4,null,null,I feel like shit .
5,null,null,I am in class .
6,null,null,I can not focus now .
7,null,null,Gee , thanks , teacher !
8,null,null,Even though I even said it out loud and .
9,null,null,personally told you , you STILL INSIST on making me feel like shit
10,null,null,Giving me a C because I did not do one assignment is not enough , is it ?
11,null,null,You NEED to do this to me ?
12,null,null,That girl JUST HAPPENED to research on how to build the thing from the MIT website , meanwhile I can not even think about going to my dream school ( MIT ) because I am too scared !
13,null,null,Fuck you , royally , teacher .
971 10
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,My latest addiction for pain relief Cannabis and prescriptions were not doing enough
2,null,null,so I added gay sex with men to my regiment .
3,null,null,I am not even attracted to men .
4,null,null,I just enjoy being sought after like a prize , and .
5,null,null,the way that these guys appreciate my body when I am with them
6,null,null,Usually I just get massaged / played with for an hour and .
7,null,null,then give a bj in return
8,null,null,Feels amazing to have another human be all over me even though I can not ejaculate .
9,null,null,If you feel like you have given up and do not care about anything , give this a try .
10,null,null,If you truly do not care then you will at least get to feel the comforting touch of another human .
972 90
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Why my relationship is killing me
2,null,null,Okay , disclaimer ,
3,null,null,former relationship ..
4,null,null,but it still has a huge effect on my life .
5,null,null,This girl was my best friend and my first serious relationship .
6,null,null,I met her when I first got depressed , and
7,null,null,we went to the same church together .
8,null,null,I told her then that I did not feel ready for a relationship , but
9,null,null,she essentially stalked me all those ( 5 ) years ago .
10,null,null,Christmas 2016 , after dealing with a crap load more grief and depression , I was essentially forced into a relationship with her .
11,null,null,I had just got over my main stint of depression the previous September , and
12,null,null,my life was getting better .
13,null,null,We still hung out as friends , but
14,null,null,she kept pushing for more .
15,null,null,However , she is so messed up .
16,null,null,I have to say that now .
17,null,null,I do still love her , and
18,null,null,that will probably never change , but she needs professional help , and my mistake was thinking I could help her .
19,null,null,She was my best friend after all .
20,null,null,So , after a string of breakups , moving too slow and moving too fast , as well as her cheating on my several times , she finally called it quits one week after my birthday ( November just gone ) .
21,null,null,I had no say , because she would throw a tantrum , but
22,null,null,I had to take the initiative .
23,null,null,Why ?
24,null,null,Because she no longer wanted to have my baby .
25,null,null,In August , she fell pregnant .
26,null,null,This could have been the week prior the Anniversary of our first kiss , but
27,null,null,the nurse dated it on that specific date .
28,null,null,That was one of the nights she cheated on me , with her friend is boyfriend , but
29,null,null,it was " just a kiss " .
30,null,null,She tried to miscarry by drinking heavily for the next few weeks before coming to me about it ; she had broken up with me the day after she cheated .
31,null,null,I asked her there
32,null,null,and then if she wanted to keep it .
33,null,null,She said yes .
34,null,null,We went to speak to my mum .
35,null,null,My mum asked her .
36,null,null,She said yes .
37,null,null,She wanted to announce the pregnancy , to start all the planning , and looking forward to the future .
38,null,null,I got a well paying job to provide for our future , a job I travelled hundreds of miles for each week , and
39,null,null,it was only for a few months .
40,null,null,But whilst I was away , she decided she missed all the drinking , drugs , and sex she was missing out on .
41,null,null,She wanted to live with her friends ( who she actually hates living with at times ) , and .
42,null,null,countless other reasons
43,null,null,However , she kept stringing me along until the scan , where she sent me a photo of our child before telling me she wanted to abort it .
44,null,null,Oh , and I had planned a weekend away for us to relax and see some friends .
45,null,null,She had me believe this was the start of my happy ever after , before ripping it away from me .
46,null,null,She did not speak to me for two weeks .
47,null,null,When I finally did manage to get in touch , it was to collect my stuff .
48,null,null,I took a mutual friend with me , the act as a buffer , and
49,null,null,they could not believe the stuff that she said to me .
50,null,null,Then I get a load of hate off her because people are contacting her about her choices .
51,null,null,Remember , she has been posting on FB all about the baby , making sure everyone knows .
52,null,null,She has not spoken to me since .
53,null,null,She has blocked me anyway
54,null,null,she can , even on WhatsApp only recently .. not that it matters , because she wants nothing to do with me .
55,null,null,This was my best friend , and
56,null,null,my stalker , who for years wanted to be with me , have a family with me , worried I would not want her because of PCOS , and got jealous over people talking to me on Twitter , and kittens !
57,null,null,She could not even handle me showing up with chocolates and flowers !
58,null,null,All that I have done for her , supported her , sacrificed for her .. and
59,null,null,this is how she treats me .
60,null,null,Now , I am pro - life , and pro - choice .
61,null,null,I gave her that choice , and
62,null,null,she wanted to go ahead .
63,null,null,I did not force her or .
64,null,null,convince her
65,null,null,She led me .
66,null,null,She set me up , just to rip out my heart .
67,null,null,Seriously , if you only knew the half of it .
68,null,null,The card she wrote for me for my birthday alone would have anyone convinced .
69,null,null,But now , she is living her life .
70,null,null,She is out drinking , smoking , doing drugs and sleeping with anything she can get her claws into .
71,null,null,She has restarted her YouTube " career " , and
72,null,null,quite frankly , they are boring videos .
73,null,null,Maybe she will do better .
74,null,null,I hope not .
75,null,null,But I think that is normal .
76,null,null,So why this post ?
77,null,null,Because it is killing me .
78,null,null,I do not know how , but
79,null,null,I am still kicking .
80,null,null,Depression is creeping at my door , and
81,null,null,I do have horrible days , bad days where I am so demotivated .
82,null,null,Yet , I can not stop thinking about her .
83,null,null,She has me broken , in ruins ..
84,null,null,even my faith has been hit hard .
85,null,null,I do not understand what changed .
86,null,null,I do not understand she did what she did .
87,null,null,Why did she play me for so long just to hurt me ?
88,null,null,Everyone tells me to forget about her , and
89,null,null,no one would allow me to go back to her ( even if it was a possibility ) .
90,null,null,All I want to do is to forget about her , because as the title says .. this relationship is killing me .
973 12
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Had one of those days where I really wanted to just get out of bed and be with people
2,null,null,: hit up my friends and no one could hang out or seemed into it .
3,null,null,Really brought me down , man .
4,null,null,I feel like I give a lot and do not get a whole lot in return sometimes .
5,null,null,And part of this is probably just egocentrism .
6,null,null,I should not expect my friends to plan their day around me last minute , even though I told them I was feeling lonely .
7,null,null,It just sucks because I feel like I would do anything for the people I care about , like I would drop anything to be there .
8,null,null,I put those standards on other people and
9,null,null,maybe that is wrong of me .
10,null,null,Anyway , I just sat around with my pup and
11,null,null,ate too much and watched tv
12,null,null,so it is what it is .
974 15
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,How can I get out of an almost constant state of dissociation ?
2,null,null,A majority of the time I am just in a state of dissociation .
3,null,null,It is difficult for me to describe , but
4,null,null,it is like I am just not mentally there .
5,null,null,It is like a constant state of autopilot .
6,null,null,I am there
7,null,null,but my mind is not .
8,null,null,My mind is always so foggy and difficult to navigate through .
9,null,null,Most of the time , I am just mentally empty .
10,null,null,I used to never be like this
11,null,null,but I can not remember what life was even like before this .
12,null,null,It is been like this since I was 14 .
13,null,null,I am 19 now
14,null,null,and I want to get out of it badly
15,null,null,but I do not know how I can .
975 45
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Well I am getting ready to go back to school
2,null,null,so I am trying to get sober for a while and see i can clear my head .
3,null,null,So far I have been sober for about days
4,null,null,and i must say I am not feeling any better .
5,null,null,Some of the problem is probably zyrtec which I am taking for my allergies
6,null,null,but really i just feel really irritable and confused .
7,null,null,i can not really think too well and
8,null,null,it is making me want to drink .
9,null,null,Drinking slows down my mind somewhat
10,null,null,so i can focus on things in my head .
11,null,null,Normally its not till the next day after a good night of drinking that i feel good for most of the next day .
12,null,null,i am more talkative and .
13,null,null,can come up with things much easier
14,null,null,There are people who use Prozac and other anti - depressant drugs not because they want it
15,null,null,but because it makes them feel even better than they normally do .
16,null,null,This is somewhat my issue with alcohol
17,null,null,however i do not fell good
18,null,null,normally i feel like s**t normally .
19,null,null,i guess i should let u in on what is really bothering me .
20,null,null,First ill just list the problems i have
21,null,null,i find most worrying .
22,null,null,Night blindness " fuzzy vision " bad sinus pressure moderate fatigue all the time short term memory problems random aches and pains major depression , anxiety , and ocd bad allergies acid reflux .
23,null,null,To be honest most scary one is night blindness .
24,null,null,Trying to explain is
25,null,null,pretty difficult but ill try .
26,null,null,It is like being able to see all the cons and rods and your eye flash on and off constantly kind of like a bad channel on a TV screen .
27,null,null,I have had it for years now with no one who can really give me straight answer about it .
28,null,null,i went to my doctor recently and .
29,null,null,got up the nerve to tell him but thought he gave me some good info he probably thought i was mad
30,null,null,Anyway one of the first things your body will do when it is over exerted is give u fuzzy vision .
31,null,null,Now normally night blindness is caused be a vitamin A deficiency .
32,null,null,Maybe there is something wrong with my stomach that is making me feel the way i am
33,null,null,and i did have kidney stone when i was 2 which is very rare .
34,null,null,i know this is a lot of information
35,null,null,but this is what i deal with on a " daily " basis .
36,null,null,My daily routine is almost exactly the same except on weekends when i do go out and drink with my friends .
37,null,null,my will is low and energy just as low
38,null,null,so i find myself kind of in and out of this trance that is supposed to be life .
39,null,null,Each day i go to work , .
40,null,null,come home , eat , and up to my room for pretty much the rest of the night
41,null,null,do not get me wrong
42,null,null,i do other things during the week sometimes
43,null,null,but i feel most comfortable by myself in my room as opposed to human contact which sucks .
44,null,null,So if i have to drink to keep from going over the deep end then i will do so until i get some real answers .
45,null,null,If anyone has any answers I am all ears .
976 49
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am just so fucking lonely
2,null,null,and I am tired of pretending I am fine Fair warning
3,null,null,I am about to just spill out everything I have bottled up into this post
4,null,null,I am so tired of being alone
5,null,null,I can not bare it anymore .
6,null,null,My depression and anxiety is slowly killing me .
7,null,null,I am a 23 year old male , trying to restart my adult life in college after many failed attempts at succeeding anywhere else .
8,null,null,I work and
9,null,null,I go to school
10,null,null,, I see hundreds of smiling and happy faces , and
11,null,null,I feel like I am not even really there with them .
12,null,null,Like a one way mirror where I see them
13,null,null,but I am never seen .
14,null,null,I have no friends .
15,null,null,I used to be a part of rather large group of friends , but
16,null,null,as of now I could not tell you the last time I talked to any of those people .
17,null,null,They have either moved on and
18,null,null,some of them are no longer on this earth .
19,null,null,I have acquaintances with people at work , but
20,null,null,they have their own life to live and when it is time to clock out , again I am left to go home alone and broken .
21,null,null,The only person I " have " is my mother , and she tends to make matters worse when I try to open .
22,null,null,I am also desperately single .
23,null,null,I have not been in a relationship , let alone .
24,null,null,just dated someone , in years
25,null,null,And it is soul crushing .
26,null,null,I see all these happy couples around campus , beautiful men and women , having the time of their lives with each other .
27,null,null,And I am so fucking jealous man .
28,null,null,I want that happiness so desperately bad .
29,null,null,I want to love someone , I want to FEEL loved !
30,null,null,I want someone to help me through days like today , and to be there for them when they have those days .
31,null,null,I want the cheesy shit like cuddling and laughing over stupid stuff .
32,null,null,I want the inevitable times where we are pissed at each other about something , but
33,null,null,we work through it and end up going crawling up next to each other in bed at the end of the night , and wake up to see each other to start the day .
34,null,null,I am tired of waking up to this massive empty bed , cold and alone .
35,null,null,But most of all , I am tired of pretending .
36,null,null,Of having to pretend .
37,null,null,To wear this mask every single fucking day of my life just to pretend to be normal .
38,null,null,Just so my coworkers will not think I am weird .
39,null,null,Just so my mom will not go off about how I just need to get my shit together .
40,null,null,Just so I can hold up the chance that one day I will be able to overcome my massive wall of social anxiety and try to talk to someone , make a friend , maybe meet a girl .
41,null,null,All in all I am tired of pretending I am happy , that I am fine .
42,null,null,BECAUSE IM NOT FUCKING FINE !
43,null,null,I am not happy , I am slowly dying over here
44,null,null,and I can not take this shit anymore .
45,null,null,I desperately want to change .
46,null,null,I desperately want to live a " normal " life , and
47,null,null,I just keep sinking further and further down while everyone else passes me by .
48,null,null,I guess my rant is over .
49,null,null,Thanks for reading if you made it this far .
977 132
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Long Winded Post From a Failed 30 Year Old
2,null,null,I do not even necessarily want to write this
3,null,null,but I need to clear my head .
4,null,null,I have been a depressed pissant for as long as I could remember .
5,null,null,Some of my youngest memories are melancholic and sickly devoid of confidence or even reason .
6,null,null,I grew up dirt poor .
7,null,null,I remember spending a night pushing a needle through the rubber of my shoes to get the sole back on .
8,null,null,My mom had a stroke and an aneurysm but .
9,null,null,survived
10,null,null,Sort of .
11,null,null,She became a wicked , wicked creature who loved pitting me against my sibling
12,null,null,and I never came out on top .
13,null,null,My entire life has been from the cowering creature perspective .
14,null,null,Life is not experienced but .
15,null,null,something that happens to me
16,null,null,I joined the Army at 18 .
17,null,null,I had gotten recklessly married a month prior to shipping to basic .
18,null,null,I ended up fucking up and missing a bus which led to a Lemony Snicket series of Unfortunate Events type shit .
19,null,null,I went through partial infantry brainwashing but .
20,null,null,never made it past the build - up
21,null,null,So I ended my career , the only thing I have wanted to do , before it even took off .
22,null,null,Luckily , it was more of a " this is not working
23,null,null,so we will forget it happened " type deal and my enlistment ended without anything terrible .
24,null,null,But I never recovered .
25,null,null,At least back then I had some sort of tenacity .
26,null,null,Now ?
27,null,null,I am a fucking shell , mate , of what I was .
28,null,null,A completely hollow individual .
29,null,null,I am 30 years old .
30,null,null,I have no education .
31,null,null,I have no passions .
32,null,null,I used to enjoy writing
33,null,null,but I can not bring myself to write anymore .
34,null,null,The moment I try I go back into wounded animal mode .
35,null,null,No , this is not good enough .
36,null,null,Nope , neither is this .
37,null,null,Why bother ?
38,null,null,Why try ?
39,null,null,I can not help but .
40,null,null,think these things
41,null,null,I am still married and
42,null,null,that is the only reason I have not killed myself .
43,null,null,I did try early on because of relentless hounding from my father in law .
44,null,null,It is obvious I am not what he wanted for his daughter .
45,null,null,I can not figure out why I am alive at all .
46,null,null,I can barely live my life .
47,null,null,I am depressed constantly .
48,null,null,No matter how happy I know I should be or how wide I smile I am in the grey of storm clouds that seemed , at least until this subreddit , to be only over my head .
49,null,null,I have had so many jobs that I just explosively quit .
50,null,null,I have got Intermittent Explosive Disorder as well as depression and anxiety .
51,null,null,So I coil up and .
52,null,null,wind tightly before my brain dumps chemicals that make me explode with no regard for the damage done
53,null,null,I am currently unemployed .
54,null,null,I left my last job like that .
55,null,null,I loved my job .
56,null,null,I loved the guy I worked for .
57,null,null,I earned several raises within a few months and .
58,null,null,was promoted quickly because I threw my back into that work
59,null,null,It has been too long though .
60,null,null,I can not seem to find another job .
61,null,null,I can not even bring myself to apply anymore .
62,null,null,I do not have a car .
63,null,null,I " rent " a couple rooms off the main house of my inlaws .
64,null,null,I failed so hard in giving my wife a life worth living .
65,null,null,She spends her time working and though understands and does not mind my unemployment .
66,null,null,it is killing me
67,null,null,On Dec.12th I lost all interest in anything .
68,null,null,I used to escape in video games
69,null,null,but now I can not .
70,null,null,I load up Ark and .
71,null,null,just stare
72,null,null,I have anxiety about everything .
73,null,null,Recently installed Heroes of the Storm and
74,null,null,I played a mean Lili and Abathaur
75,null,null,but now I have got butterflies even playing against bots .
76,null,null,The smallest , most simple of tasks seems beyond me .
77,null,null,I am stupider than I used to be .
78,null,null,How I interpret the simplest of sentences or instruction is out of whack .
79,null,null,I have trouble reading though I have got tons of read Omnibuses from Warhammer 40k on my bookshelf .
80,null,null,I have trouble speaking .
81,null,null,I talk slowly and .
82,null,null,can barely push out the words off my tongue
83,null,null,I am only recently able to make phonecalls without losing my mind anxiety wise .
84,null,null,I am so full of regret .
85,null,null,I hate what I became .
86,null,null,I hate that I married someone and .
87,null,null,am dragging them through the mud
88,null,null,To never have a real apartment or car .
89,null,null,I can not hold a job .
90,null,null,I barely take care of the house .
91,null,null,I do dishes now
92,null,null,but it is a real struggle .
93,null,null,I have been thinking a lot more about suicide and
94,null,null,I am already sure I am too cowardly to really do it
95,null,null,but I think about it a lot .
96,null,null,How it would hurt my wife
97,null,null,but I think it would be good for her to find someone else .
98,null,null,I just do not see the point in continuing .
99,null,null,I am an adult now
100,null,null,but I never learned how to properly be an adult .
101,null,null,I do not know what to do .
102,null,null,There is a burning hole in my chest and
103,null,null,I feel guilty that I am the way that I am .
104,null,null,Even on the subreddit .
105,null,null,I know people feel that people who have a significant other can not be as depressed
106,null,null,but I am swimming at the bottom of the barrel .
107,null,null,I want this all to end .
108,null,null,I do not know how to survive .
109,null,null,I do not know how people manage it .
110,null,null,I do not have that self - preservation sense that keeps people going despite it all .
111,null,null,I am weak .
112,null,null,I am weak in ways that I can barely accept .
113,null,null,I struggle a lot with the fact 22 veterans a day kill themselves
114,null,null,but I am still around .
115,null,null,I carry endless guilt that better people die and I am still alive .
116,null,null,Goddamn it .
117,null,null,People are dying from diseases and cancers while I exist .
118,null,null,While I can not so much as go outside without feeling like
119,null,null,all eyes are boring holes into my psyche .
120,null,null,I hate that all I do is sit here and lay in bed .
121,null,null,I hate myself .
122,null,null,I feel if I do not get this out , even if it is never seen by anyone , I will implode .
123,null,null,I am on medication and
124,null,null,it helped my depression
125,null,null,but then the reality of my life struck me
126,null,null,and I think I am worse off than I was .
127,null,null,At least then I was able to lose myself in video games .
128,null,null,Now I am here with the stark reality .
129,null,null,I am not meant for this world .
130,null,null,I am too sensitive , too weak , too weak - willed , and too much of a bitch to handle life .
131,null,null,I will go back to lurking now .
132,null,null,Thanks for listening .
978 6
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,The thing that sucks is that i have no one left to talk to No one is willing to talk to me and listen to my bullshit .
2,null,null,And everyone that I have told ends up leaving me or call the cops or some shit .
3,null,null,No friends either .
4,null,null,Just keeping the suicidal and .
5,null,null,depressing thoughts to myself waiting for me to blow and kill myself one day
6,null,null,Maybe I look forward to that day
979 62
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I need to get my life on track
2,null,null,I
3,null,null,m 23 year old black man who just graduated from one of the best universities in the US .
4,null,null,I have been depressed as fuck for a large portion of the last 4 - 6 years .
5,null,null,I have no money , no girlfriend(or prospects ) , and no social life to speak of .
6,null,null,I had a solid social life in college but .
7,null,null,had no luck with girls
8,null,null,Made a lot of friends but .
9,null,null,none that I would consider great ones
10,null,null,I am afraid of public expression , if I come out of this shell I will just be that little underdeveloped , short loser who thinks he is the shit when he is accomplished nothing in life .
11,null,null,I am afraid of what other people think of me , do they think I am smart ?
12,null,null,Do they think I am nerdy ?
13,null,null,Do they think I can not dance ?
14,null,null,Do they think I am too short ?
15,null,null,Do they think I am attractive ?
16,null,null,Do they think I am gay ?
17,null,null,Do they think my voice is deep enough ?
18,null,null,Do they think I am laid back ?
19,null,null,Do they think I am fake ?
20,null,null,Do they think I am a pussy ?
21,null,null,Do they think I get girls ?
22,null,null,Do they think my dick is small ?
23,null,null,Do they think I am dressed well ?
24,null,null,Do they think I am shy ?
25,null,null,Do they think I am lame for a black guy ?
26,null,null,Do they think I act too white ?
27,null,null,Do they notice the awkwardness when I talk ?
28,null,null,Do they think I speak well ?
29,null,null,Do they think I ask too many questions ?
30,null,null,This causes me to lie to the people around me , including my family about little things that it is unnecessary to lie about .
31,null,null,To put on this front of fake confidence when inside I feel like I am not worth shit .
32,null,null,I blow off my friends and .
33,null,null,then justify it to myself that I am somehow too good for them
34,null,null,I do not pick up phone calls from family members and .
35,null,null,try to keep to myself
36,null,null,I just do nothing all day and .
37,null,null,wait for shit to come to me
38,null,null,I am not the guy that gets girls , when it comes to trying to actually start a relationship with a girl
39,null,null,my awkwardness and lameness just begins to show itself and
40,null,null,she immediately senses it and can tell I am not shit .
41,null,null,I have had sex with 2 girls in my life and .
42,null,null,could not actually bust a nut for whatever reason
43,null,null,I am an asshole to the people around me that do really nice things for me
44,null,null,but somehow my brain keeps justifying my behavior
45,null,null,and I keep doing it .
46,null,null,I can not bring myself to do anything that is remotely productive or .
47,null,null,will help me better my life
48,null,null,I am self aware to the point where I know I am being a complete piece of shit
49,null,null,but I can not find the motivation to turn it around .
50,null,null,It is like my brain telling me I will be content just living in my parents house until I am fucking 60 years old .
51,null,null,Somehow when I look in the mirror I see myself as an attractive man , I just look super young for 23 , people say I look as young as 16
52,null,null,so I am also self conscious about that which also makes me put on this facade when I am around people .
53,null,null,Recently for long stretches of months I just go completely ghost and .
54,null,null,do not leave the house or do anything of use
55,null,null,On the bright side I have had many positive experiences in life where I have felt my potential as a person start to become realized .
56,null,null,I have a degree in communication studies from a top 15 university in the US .
57,null,null,I have a family that loves and supports me ( but .
58,null,null,probably wants me to move out just as much as I want to move out )
59,null,null,This is all pretty incoherent and stream of consciousness but
60,null,null,my brain is just really jumbled right now
61,null,null,and I had to vent .
62,null,null,I need to turn my fuckin life around .
980 18
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Hi everyone .
2,null,null,I am here because I am very depressed due to uncontrollable situations of extreme stress this year and a lifetime of stupid choices that have led me to where I am today : lonely and sad .
3,null,null,I talked to my primary dr . and .
4,null,null,now have been taking Zoloft for almost 2 months
5,null,null,It seems to help some , I do not feel like I will panic to the point of losing control completely .
6,null,null,And I am seeking help , I do not have a therapist yet , but I checked with my insurance and wrote some names down , now I have to pick up the phone and speak into the receiver and set an appointment .
7,null,null,My plan is to do this on Monday .
8,null,null,I like to be supportive of others , so
9,null,null,although I do sound gloomy , I hope to meet others who are making progress and maybe be of help to you , too .
10,null,null,I will post more later
11,null,null,I feel the need to sleep .
12,null,null,I have trouble with sleep and nightmares and eating ,
13,null,null,lately I have to force myself to eat , I have a weird aversion to food , I start to feel sick & queasy when I try to eat .
14,null,null,But life in general makes me sick and queasy .
15,null,null,I am alone for the Holidays which suits me just fine .
16,null,null,I wish I could go to the " Island of misfit people " and stay there and never leave .
17,null,null,For now that is the comfort and safety of my home , unless I go to work or need groceries .
18,null,null,Later ..
981 58
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Long text , I just want an audience .
2,null,null,Why have not I killed myself yet ?
3,null,null,It is not the title , but .
4,null,null,a question that lingers on the back of my head every second
5,null,null,It is a common trend that people live for other people but what do you do when you have no one to live for ?
6,null,null,I never had anyone to live for .
7,null,null,It is not a huge problem really , its another lingering question or jealousy
8,null,null,I have whenever I meet a person .
9,null,null,Every single one of them have someone who cares for them , even a stranger would care for them .
10,null,null,It makes me feel jealous that no one would care for me or even bother to be nice to me unless I open my mouth and say I have cancer or they knew about any of my situation .
11,null,null,People do not care , they pity me .
12,null,null,They realize , then , that I am a hopeless situation and they can not help me at all because they really can not .
13,null,null,No one can .
14,null,null,Therapies do not help .
15,null,null,My therapist knows all of my situations are out of my control
16,null,null,and he wants me to move forward with my life .
17,null,null,It is not really a bad idea , it is the smart thing to do especially being someone in my situation .
18,null,null,I just do not know why I can not .
19,null,null,Every single being on the planet wants me to graduate already
20,null,null,but my body does not agree with me .
21,null,null,It is always either I am too sad/ stressed/ depressed/ ashamed/ anxious/ lazy to go to school .
22,null,null,Nothing helps .
23,null,null,Not even the 30 mg of Lexapro helps .
24,null,null,My school counsellor is doing the nice I get it
25,null,null,, I understand approach with me and
26,null,null,it makes me feel better
27,null,null,but it really does make me feel guilty .
28,null,null,I just do not understand why are people act so shitty with me ?
29,null,null,Is it my face ?
30,null,null,Is it because no one cares and all I have is literally myself ?
31,null,null,Is it because I am dying soon ?
32,null,null,What is it really ?
33,null,null,I just want to fucking die
34,null,null,but I ca nt just let myself slash my throat or swallow a lot of pills because I am a coward .
35,null,null,I want the easy way out .
36,null,null,Why is not cancer an instant death ?
37,null,null,Why are not suicide booths similar to futurama a thing ?
38,null,null,I give up .
39,null,null,I just want to die .
40,null,null,P.S. Fuck people who say they are afraid of rejection because hunty what world do u fucking live in that
41,null,null,not one single person has said no to you ?
42,null,null,P.P.S. Fuck you E
43,null,null,, I am sorry I disappointed you that I did not die yet even my diagnosis ' average life span is 6 months .
44,null,null,Do not worry , it is coming .
45,null,null,And I surely fucking hope
46,null,null,karma is real .
47,null,null,It is fucking people like you who deserve such things and ?
48,null,null,what do you fucking get
49,null,null,A nice family , a handsome face , people who likes to be around you .
50,null,null,You are one of the people who deserve my revenge and
51,null,null,yet I am being like a pussy who is letting a fake thing called karma take care of everything .
52,null,null,In this fucking lifetime , not a single one got any karma .
53,null,null,( or maybe my parents did by god giving me cancer but idk
54,null,null,they just labelled me as a liability and
55,null,null,now has dropped me like a hot potato so that is really more on me than on them )
56,null,null,PLEAASE
57,null,null,I just want to die .
58,null,null,Please just kill me .
982 66
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Hello everyone .
2,null,null,My name is Amy .
3,null,null,I discovered this page just by searching on the internet for depression forums .
4,null,null,One good thing about me , I believe , is that I am very mature for my age .
5,null,null,I am seventeen , and .
6,null,null,really hope everyone here is open - minded to age being just a number
7,null,null,So please , do not reply telling me I will have it better later on , or
8,null,null,my problems are because of my age .
9,null,null,I know there is a possibility that things will get better , and believe me
10,null,null,, I really do not think this has to do with teenage hormones .
11,null,null,I have read about many middle aged women and men with the same problems .
12,null,null,I understand that I am a very negative person , most likely due to depression .
13,null,null,I am very irritable , .
14,null,null,only maybe once a week I am happy for most of the day
15,null,null,I also know that I have never really been happy .
16,null,null,I have never been optimistic , and .
17,null,null,have always been sensitive , emotional , and not very confident
18,null,null,At the moment I do not have any friends .
19,null,null,I have not really had any friends for a few years now .
20,null,null,Once every few months or so I will go out , and
21,null,null,then just want to leave within a couple of hours .
22,null,null,It is very stressful to me .
23,null,null,And when I do want to leave , I just tell myself I have a problem , because everyone else I know seems to get along with people just fine .
24,null,null,I am also like this with jobs .
25,null,null,I go in and out of jobs .
26,null,null,One time I even faked a family emergency just to leave work ..
27,null,null,and I was crying about it .
28,null,null,If one thing goes wrong for me , if I smile at someone and they do not smile back , if I feel insecure in any way , my first reaction is to flee .
29,null,null,I also , for the most part of my life have always been in a relationship .
30,null,null,My boyfriend as of right now
31,null,null,and I have been together for over a year .
32,null,null,Both of us cheated on each other in the beginning of our relationship , which might be the cause of our jealousy problems now(mostly mine ) .
33,null,null,But , before this relationship , I also had the same problem .
34,null,null,I never felt good enough , I believe I will never feel pretty enough .
35,null,null,I have big issues with porn , and
36,null,null,basically every little thing you can think of .
37,null,null,Recently I have been reading about depression and anxiety .
38,null,null,I feel the more I understand
39,null,null,how and that it is a part of me , the worse I feel about myself .
40,null,null,And the more insecure I feel .
41,null,null,I feel like I am not fun to be around since I am irritable and sad most of the time .
42,null,null,I feel like my boyfriend will find someone who has more of the good qualities .
43,null,null,I feel that I will never satisfy or make my parents proud , since I keep leaving jobs .
44,null,null,They tell me I am just lazy .
45,null,null,I have quit every single thing in my life that I have tried since I was young .
46,null,null,But I really think it is because of my mental state .
47,null,null,Going out in public is terrifying , because I do not want to feel bad , ugly , unfun , or not funny .
48,null,null,I fear social situations , because I am horrible at making conversation .
49,null,null,I have been considering therapy and depression / anxiety pills , but
50,null,null,my mom tells me people who take them basically just do not feel anything at all .
51,null,null,And I am also afraid to see a doctor and share my feelings .
52,null,null,I feel like I have no one to talk to .
53,null,null,My dad and I have never had a good relationship , we maybe say two words to each other a day .
54,null,null,We have had kind of a bad past , and
55,null,null,maybe that is the reason for our lack of communication .
56,null,null,My boyfriend does not really know how to talk about important or emotional things , unless they have to do with him .
57,null,null,I feel like every time I cry I push him farther away from me , and feel I have to hide everything because me being depressed
58,null,null,is a turn off to him .
59,null,null,I do not know .
60,null,null,I guess we all have to vent somewhere , and to know that there is a place where people feel the same
61,null,null,is a great thing to me .
62,null,null,I wish there was an easy way to feel good about myself , and just be happy for once .
63,null,null,But I suppose these things take time and a lot of effort .
64,null,null,I am sure I left some things out , but
65,null,null,this is all I want to throw at you all for now .
66,null,null,Thank you for listening .
983 12
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Does anybody feel like their life is meaningless if they do not have a relationship or crush
2,null,null,In my opinion it feels like love
3,null,null,is the only medicine strong enough to cure my depression .
4,null,null,Whenever I am in love or lust I am on top of the world
5,null,null,I feel so good everything feels great , but
6,null,null,once something happens to it I fall down this hole and my depression comes back even stronger .
7,null,null,I need to learn to be their for me to grow love for myself .
8,null,null,That almost seems impossible
9,null,null,but I will not give up
10,null,null,and I am going to work on becoming a better me .
11,null,null,Better for myself , .
12,null,null,better for my life , and kicking my depression away once and for all
984 12
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Why I always let myself fooled ..
2,null,null,Why I always think there is something more than there really is ..
3,null,null,I always think I am good friends with someone
4,null,null,and I act accordingly .
5,null,null,I try to be that good friend .
6,null,null,Then at some point I always realize that it is not a real friendship .
7,null,null,The other one did not think it that seriously .
8,null,null,The other one just talked with me because at that time it was fun .
9,null,null,It feels crushing .
10,null,null,Realizing every single time that the person you took as a good friend , or even possible friend is not really thinking same about you .
11,null,null,Realizing how stupid , silly and naive you have been thinking that you could be a friend for that person .
12,null,null,Realizing how they just are amused that you were so deep involved in it .
985 4
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,help .. ?
2,null,null,Has anyone reached a point in their life where they knew they needed help but was nt quite sure how to ask for it or even know what it is they needed help with and who they would need to ask in order to figure out what they needed help ?
3,null,null,not really a depressive question but
4,null,null,more of a question i felt might be better in the depression tread
986 19
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I lost my father recently , and
2,null,null,now I have less suicidal thoughts
3,null,null,This is not gon na be what you think it is gon na be .
4,null,null,If you read the title you are probably thinking my father was the reason of my issues .
5,null,null,He was not , I loved him very dearly .
6,null,null,I am extremely sad
7,null,null,he passed away while I am in such a young age
8,null,null,( I am 21 )
9,null,null,but c'est la vie I guess ..
10,null,null,The reason I am now less likely to commit suicide is actually I will not / can not do this to my mother .
11,null,null,We had to plan and pay for the funereal
12,null,null,and oh my days it is expensive .
13,null,null,Already we were on the line of poverty , and
14,null,null,this did not quite help .
15,null,null,I just can not do it to my mother to spend even more money that she does not really have .
16,null,null,So now the feeling of guilt ' if ' I were to do it is bigger than my misery .
17,null,null,Now I just slate the days away
18,null,null,, it is hard , but
19,null,null,there is no other option for me right now ..
987 10
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,extreme sadness whenever seeing anything happy
2,null,null,Hello , this has been bothering me for a while
3,null,null,and i have no idea
4,null,null,what is this
5,null,null,but when i ever i read or see anything happy like a happy scene or a happy story from some random comment i feel a huge wave of sadness wash over me
6,null,null,and i feel like crying ,
7,null,null,why ?
8,null,null,what is going on ?
9,null,null,( i am not sure if this belongs to here
10,null,null,but if not i do not mind it being deleted and sorry for breaking rules . )
988 8
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Why is life horrible to me and only me
2,null,null,It just seems like one bad thing after another .
3,null,null,Every time I try to reach out and open up to people it just goes down in flames .
4,null,null,They always be like , no your not depressed , its your fault that your this way and only you can helped yourself .
5,null,null,Always shunning me away and .
6,null,null,ignoring me
7,null,null,Then its always my fault .
8,null,null,You did not help with the decorations its your fault it failed .
989 27
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,It is not some fucking sadness anymore .
2,null,null,This is madness .
3,null,null,I remember when I just had a few days when I felt sad and out of it .
4,null,null,And I would worry
5,null,null,but then everything became better a few days later .
6,null,null,Still , I went to a psychologist , because my downs were too consistent to be considered normal .
7,null,null,It all went downhill from there .
8,null,null,I feel like I have lost a part of myself .
9,null,null,My personality , my identity , whatever .
10,null,null,I feel like when I talk to others
11,null,null,I am not there , like I have lost control of what I say and think .
12,null,null,Like I have lost my mind .
13,null,null,Like others are normal and
14,null,null,I am in my own world , going through life on automatic mode , not knowing what I should think , say , or do .
15,null,null,Even though from outside people might say I am completely normal , even sometimes better than before , I feel like mentally , inside , the world is going down .
16,null,null,My life is crumbling .
17,null,null,Like piece by piece I get further away from a solution .
18,null,null,Things that seem to work for others do not work for me .
19,null,null,I hate it .
20,null,null,It is not just a bad mood anymore .
21,null,null,It is feeling like I have lost my way , and
22,null,null,there is no signs to get back .
23,null,null,Like a loop I can not get out of .
24,null,null,That is why suicide comes up as an option .
25,null,null,When you are stuck in a loop , the only solution is to shut off .
26,null,null,If sleeping is the only thing I enjoy , then why will not I sleep forever ?
27,null,null,Fuck that shit
990 20
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I
2,null,null,m worthless I am going to just assume nobody will read this like everything else I post here
3,null,null,but here it is I guess .
4,null,null,I m a junior in college
5,null,null,, I have been single for 5 years , and
6,null,null,I struggle with things everyone seems to get .
7,null,null,I am worthless to the world , what do I offer ?
8,null,null,I just failed a statistics quiz and .
9,null,null,went to my car and wept for 10 minutes
10,null,null,I do not know why .
11,null,null,I feel alone all the time , and
12,null,null,I feel like I can not please anyone
13,null,null,no matter what I do .
14,null,null,I just feel like if I disappeared the world would sigh in relief .
15,null,null,It is not like anyone would notice me being gone .
16,null,null,I do not have a girlfriend or anything like that , because let is be honest , what girl wants to be with a loser who has to work twice as hard as everyone else .
17,null,null,I want to die .
18,null,null,It feels like I am on an island by myself
19,null,null,and I just want to end it .
20,null,null,Just when everything was getting better , here I am , contemplating how alone I am in this fucking world and how I can just get out .
991 7
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,How I explain my depression to other people
2,null,null,Do you know that feeling when your alarm clock rings , and you do not want to get up , do anything , see anyone , you just want to turn off the world ?
3,null,null,Now imagine you have that feeling every morning , and
4,null,null,it never goes away .
5,null,null,It stays with you , in the morning , day , night , when you are with friends or alone .
6,null,null,You try to get rid of it , but
7,null,null,nothing works .
992 56
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Here is a new update for interested readers .
2,null,null,Bad news first
3,null,null,: I got a voicemail last week , it said my mother was in the hospital .
4,null,null,It took me awhile to get more info , I called and .
5,null,null,left a message where she lived because it was too late to get anyone on the phone there
6,null,null,I finally found out where she was and called the hospital .
7,null,null,They said she was having problems walking , that maybe she hurt her back .
8,null,null,That she was getting breathing treatments because she had trouble breathing .
9,null,null,Part of it was she could not smoke ,
10,null,null,part of it was probably because she does smoke .
11,null,null,They did not seem to find out what caused the problem with her legs .
12,null,null,Then she had some other stuff wrong .
13,null,null,Part of the good news was one thing they thought was wrong , and
14,null,null,was caused by a shot they gave her
15,null,null,it was solved the next day .
16,null,null,Now , I called her Friday
17,null,null,and she said her heart test showed a tear in a valve .
18,null,null,She is getting a more detailed test next week , the doctor said it is too early to tell how serious it is or if it needs anything done to it .
19,null,null,He told her , it could be just something minor that needs to be monitored and could cause no problems at all or it could require heart surgery .
20,null,null,So I was very worried about that .
21,null,null,My first thought when I heard she was in the hospital
22,null,null,was that she would end up having cancer from smoking , or liver disease from drinking .
23,null,null,But I did not think of any heart problems .
24,null,null,I am hoping that it will not be anything serious , or that if she needs surgery that it will be successful and she will recover without any complications .
25,null,null,I do not know much about heart surgery , I know I have heart that many bypass patients have good surgery but get sick and die from complications after the surgery .
26,null,null,I hope and .
27,null,null,pray that she will be ok
28,null,null,, I live far from her and can not do anything but call her and pray
29,null,null,Now some good news , my new job is going to switch me to fulltime hours next week .
30,null,null,I still have to find out if it will be temporary or long - term , but
31,null,null,I am happy either way .
32,null,null,I went from poor and to having a place to live and a low - stress job in a short time .
33,null,null,going to be homeless ,
34,null,null,Each day I wake up and .
35,null,null,am alive and have a place to live means a lot to me now
36,null,null,It kind of gives me a better perspective on life in a way .
37,null,null,I know so many people have it worse , so much suffering in the world
38,null,null,and I am lucky .
39,null,null,I have to get some new clothes because changing to fulltime I have to go by a different dress code , so
40,null,null,I will be looking for cheap nice clothes tomorrow .
41,null,null,I am thankful I have some money to look for clothes .
42,null,null,I am still adjusting to things , sometimes I feel like "
43,null,null,where am I , what is going on ? "
44,null,null,but it is better than before when I was at my apartment thinking "
45,null,null,when will I get kicked out , where will I live ?
46,null,null," I am trying to take it one step at a time , not worry about where I am supposed to be going in life .
47,null,null,I am thinking , what do I need , get things stable , be able to support yourself , get a phone , get car insurance , get more hours at work
48,null,null,etc
49,null,null,.. I try to stay positive and be grateful , but
50,null,null,still I am a little lost .
51,null,null,If anyone wants more details about things , or and
52,null,null,advice on how I have coped with anything just leave a reply
53,null,null,I will answer you .
54,null,null,I have a lot of things I have learned and advice , but
55,null,null,I do not go around telling people what to do or pushing my point of view .
56,null,null,I try to just express myself without pushing .
993 10
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Does anyone else get such intrusive thoughts
2,null,null,like I hate myself , I should cut myself
3,null,null,, I wanna die that are so intense you have to say it out loud ?
4,null,null,Sometimes when I get into a cycle of negative thoughts they are so strong
5,null,null,and it is just automatic that I say it out loud .
6,null,null,Sometimes if just comes out as an
7,null,null,oh my god but
8,null,null,other times I actually say those thoughts to myself .
9,null,null,Physically telling myself that I am stupid , I have no worth , I wish I could die .
10,null,null,Does anyone feel this compulsive need to say their thoughts out loud ?
994 24
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I have been having suicidal thoughts more than ever ..
2,null,null,I feel like I fail at everything .
3,null,null,, I do not have any motivation to clean or really do anything
4,null,null,I feel like I am no good at anything and have gotten really lazy .
5,null,null,I am not the best wife
6,null,null,and I have made many mistakes .
7,null,null,If i asked my husband to do something and he did not I would complain to try and get help .
8,null,null,If he is not doing anything I would not either .
9,null,null,Now that he is moved out
10,null,null,I feel like I do not really have any reason to live .
11,null,null,I used to smoke weed but .
12,null,null,had to stop a little under a month ago cause I got arrested ( on my anniversary ) and am facing felony charges on something that is legal
13,null,null,I have had to hire a lawyer and everything to try to keep my record clean .
14,null,null,I have had suicidal thoughts since I was in high school and kind of turned smoking a bowl into my medicine
15,null,null,so I would always refuse depression meds .
16,null,null,I have heard mixed things about them , and
17,null,null,I am scared on how they would take effect on me .
18,null,null,But since the arrest I have been getting progressively worse and worse .
19,null,null,My husband was the one who initially got me to quit hurting myself and the thoughts .
20,null,null,keep haunting me more than ever
21,null,null,One of the biggest reasons I have not been able to bring myself to doing it again
22,null,null,is I care for others more than myself .
23,null,null,I could not hurt my friends and family like that
24,null,null,but I am mentally going insane ..
995 21
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,To start off I have had depression quite consistently since I have started college at 18 .
2,null,null,I am now 22 and my depression was getting pretty bad again , then I met this girl about 4 months ago .
3,null,null,We started dating and
4,null,null,it turned out we and tons of similar interests and very similar morals .
5,null,null,A few days after we started dating she told me that she was going to australia to study abroad for 10 months ,
6,null,null,weeks later she told me she was afraid to lose me
7,null,null,I told her we would worry about it when the time comes .
8,null,null,Since then we have had some really great times doing things we both love together .
9,null,null,Yesterday we finally had the discussion of what was going to happen when she left .
10,null,null,In my mind I was hopeful that we could maintain this relationship despite the obvious obstacles .
11,null,null,I told her I cared about her more than anyone I have ever dated and .
12,null,null,said that I wish we had a chance together
13,null,null,She told me she does not believe in long distance relationships , this kind of broke my heart but at the same time I knew it was the logical choice in this situation .
14,null,null,She told me that she did not want to cut me out of her life and that she wanted to stay in contact with me .
15,null,null,She also said that if it was meant to be that it will happen for us .
16,null,null,My family has been very hesitant about our relationship because they worry about me spiraling downward when she leaves .
17,null,null,I am a little worried about myself as well , today I cried on the way to school and during my break between classes .
18,null,null,She leaves in 6 days and
19,null,null,she still wants to see me as much as possible before she leaves .
20,null,null,I am so afraid to lose her and scared of how I will feel when she is gone .
21,null,null,Please help .
996 18
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Deicide - This is hell we are in Racing with death ,
2,null,null,life in a mess Time growing shorter with every regret Efforts subceeding , I am losing restrain
3,null,null,Insincere promise I have broken again
4,null,null,Nothing can touch me for once I am dead Exclude the body
5,null,null,, the spirit is left
6,null,null,I have no problem in coping with life
7,null,null,It is this world that condemns me to die This
8,null,null,is hell we are in Enduring in pain
9,null,null,In this hell we are in I will not remain
10,null,null,This is hell we are in Forbidden to want From this hell we are in
11,null,null,I wish to move on Wrapped in self doubt
12,null,null,enmeshed in the brain Darkest depression succumbing again Waiting the hour , the string snaps inside Length of a second to take my own life
13,null,null,So it is promised I do not believe Anything better than what I have seen Out of this body
14,null,null,, I wait for this day
15,null,null,In this hell were in , entangled in pain Balance upset into leaning on death Simplified option to life is little test Constantly guarding against its attack
16,null,null,Why were we put here to feel its effect Violent pressure has tired my tries
17,null,null,It is my wish that it is soon that I die Hanging by threads to the realms of the sane
18,null,null,It is this world that has made me this way
997 11
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Sleeping to avoid hurting myself Sleeping seems like the only way to keep myself from self - harming .
2,null,null,I have bipolar 2
3,null,null,( heavy on depression , light on mania ) , so my depressive episodes always pass .
4,null,null,I just feel like sleeping is the only way to stay safe until it does .
5,null,null,My therapist uses medication as a last resort , so I am not medicated .
6,null,null,I should be , clearly , but
7,null,null,she is kind of a hippie .
8,null,null,I am not .
9,null,null,If the drugs will keep me from wanting to or attempting to kill myself , then give me the fucking medication .
10,null,null,Having a rough week .
11,null,null,Just want it to pass .
998 24
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am 34 year old single mother in a weird relationship and .
2,null,null,living in a place I can not seem to adjust to and is very far from my home and my family
3,null,null,I am broke , .
4,null,null,have hardly any job prospects , and do not own a car
5,null,null,I do not get along with the father of my daughter and
6,null,null,just got swindled by his lawyer
7,null,null,so he does not ever have to pay child support ( long story ) .
8,null,null,He is an ass !
9,null,null,I have had 2 abortions and 1 miscarriage in the last three years and .
10,null,null,am very regretful for them and can not seem to forgive myself
11,null,null,My parents and I are not speaking due to my mother is alcoholism and my choice to move so far away .
12,null,null,My partner has recently decided he does not want to have any children , which was the straw on the camels back , and on my birthday I had a complete breakdown .
13,null,null,I have had depression for as long as I can remember , along with anxiety .
14,null,null,Due to these events the last four years , I have just recently dived into the world of antidepressants .
15,null,null,I took Wellbutrin SR 300 mg for about 1 month and
16,null,null,it does not seem to do much .
17,null,null,My doctor gave me Cymbalta 30 mg , and
18,null,null,it also seems not to do too much .
19,null,null,Not sure if I can combine the two or not .
20,null,null,Does anyone know if you can ?
21,null,null,They both decreased my appetite noticeably , but
22,null,null,my energy level is still low and
23,null,null,and I still feel a little anxious and depressed .
24,null,null,Anyway , that is a little about me and my situation .
999 10
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Did your mental health get worse post secondary ?
2,null,null,So I am in grade 12 right now
3,null,null,and I will probably be moving out and ( if they accept me hopefully ) and I am honestly pretty nervous .
4,null,null,onto a uni campus
5,null,null,I have been clean for a little over a year now
6,null,null,and I am terrified I will relapse and without my parents and dog with me it will be even tougher .
7,null,null,So yeah
8,null,null,how do you guys cope with a whole new environment and ?
9,null,null,being away from home
10,null,null,( Also any advice on uni in general would be helpful )
1000 9
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,My depression has gotten a lot worse recently
2,null,null,and now I can not do my schoolwork .
3,null,null,my head just gets super foggy and
4,null,null,I feel exhausted .
5,null,null,What do I do ?
6,null,null,I used to be a straight A student .
7,null,null,It is like I am watching my life fall apart in slow motion
8,null,null,and I have no control over it .
9,null,null,It is only a matter of time .
1001 39
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I wish I could have done things differently
2,null,null,I graduated high school in June of 2015 .
3,null,null,Currently I am attending community college and .
4,null,null,have been doing fairly well so far although I do not know how long I can keep it up
5,null,null,Back in high school I did not try as hard as I could have resulting in lower grades thus barring my chances of getting into a four year university .
6,null,null,Freshmen year of high school
7,null,null,I saw my lowest gpa
8,null,null,ever I had gotten a 1.8 gpa in the 2nd semester of that year .
9,null,null,Hell
10,null,null,I was dumb enough in my freshman year to think that I could get away with cheating in my ceramics class
11,null,null,but I ended up getting caught .
12,null,null,If the university applications saw that I got a D in an art class they would have thought I was a full on retard for trying to apply to a university .
13,null,null,It was because of my second semester of freshmen year that I thought my chances of a four year were impossible .
14,null,null,I also never bothered to do the ACT
15,null,null,/ SAT
16,null,null,because I thought that with my low gpa it would not have mattered anyway .
17,null,null,The following years in hs I have managed to improve a bit but not all that much .
18,null,null,After high school ended I spent a year and a half
19,null,null,not really knowing what I was doing taking a class at my community college here and there
20,null,null,but not really committing , while also changing my major at least twice .
21,null,null,If I play my cards
22,null,null,right I will be able to graduate by he end of May in 2019 and hopefully transfer to a university .
23,null,null,But recently I can not help but .
24,null,null,think of how my life would have been if I had just went straight to a university after high school
25,null,null,I do not have any friends right now
26,null,null,and I feel that if I had gone to university out of high school I would have had friends at this point .
27,null,null,Right after high school I did not really have any second thoughts and what I was doing .
28,null,null,I was fine with going to community college and transferring later on
29,null,null,but right now I can not help but .
30,null,null,feel that I have made a huge mistake
31,null,null,If only I had done better in freshmen year I probably would have gotten accepted into university and .
32,null,null,had a completely different life
33,null,null,I am only 21
34,null,null,and I already feel like a huge goddamn retard for how I acted in my high school life .
35,null,null,If i had taken things more seriously my life right now would have been a lot better .
36,null,null,I feel like I have massively screwed myself .
37,null,null,Most of the time now I think about what I could have done differently in high school and what my life would be like now .
38,null,null,I honestly hate everything about myself and .
39,null,null,wish that I could just go back and make things right in high school
1002 10
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I want to get help , but
2,null,null,I also do not I do not want to stay like this forever .
3,null,null,If I do I will end up killing myself .
4,null,null,I do not know what to do to get help , given that , while I live on my own , I am not on my own health insurance and
5,null,null,I do not want my parents involved .
6,null,null,What if I did get help ?
7,null,null,The doctor would probably run me through a variety of medications that could have bad side effects .
8,null,null,I read one time about a guy who basically lost his sexuality because of an antidepressant he got put on .
9,null,null,What if something life - altering like that were to happen to me ?
10,null,null,I am afraid to risk it .
1003 30
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Ready to just say " fuck it
2,null,null," I can not take it anymore .
3,null,null,I am an atheist democrat living in a family of hardcore christian conservatives .
4,null,null,I ve made it clear that I m a democrat , to which they just call me a snowflake all the time , which just makes me resent them even more .
5,null,null,I do nt dare tell them I m am atheist , but I
6,null,null,m thinking about it .
7,null,null,I do nt have anything to live for anymore .
8,null,null,I do nt have any idea what to do with my life .
9,null,null,I do nt have any special talent or skills .
10,null,null,The only hobby I really have is video games , but
11,null,null,I m horrible at those .
12,null,null,I have raged so hard at Battlefield that I broke down in tears and drooled everywhere , and
13,null,null,anytime I play an RPG
14,null,null,I restart so many times that it makes me not want to play anymore .
15,null,null,All my friends have at least an idea of what they want to do , but
16,null,null,I do nt even have the beginnings of a clue as to I want what to do with the rest of my life .
17,null,null,And to be honest , I m scared of becoming an adult .
18,null,null,Managing a budget , doing taxes , paying bills , and shit like that .
19,null,null,I m not fucking prepared for it .
20,null,null,If I ca nt deal with the stress of a fucking video game , then I sure as hell ca nt deal with a job .
21,null,null,My parents are also hounding me to get a girlfriend .
22,null,null,I do nt even have a friend who is a girl .
23,null,null,All my close friends are male .
24,null,null,Hell , the closest I ve came to having a full conversation with a girl is helping her with spanish homework .
25,null,null,I ai nt gay , I just ca nt talk to girls .
26,null,null,The social anxiety makes me want to vomit if I even think about approaching a girl .
27,null,null,So I m ready to fuck it all and just tell my parents I m an atheist .
28,null,null,Let them send me to whatever fucking counseling they want .
29,null,null,Let them disown me and have to go live with a friend .
30,null,null,I have no future other than a goddamn walmart greeter at this point
1004 53
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,exhausted this is my first time posting on this subreddit
2,null,null,but I need something to regurgitate everything that I am feeling as it may be the only thing that stops me from trying to hurt myself .
3,null,null,I have only slept for about 2 hours
4,null,null,and I have to be up for work in 30 minutes which is making me feel worse .
5,null,null,As my depression has gotten worse , I find myself sinking further into a place where I have no desire to help or look after myself .
6,null,null,I still live at home with my parents and
7,null,null,since my mom is aware of my attempts to hurt myself , she has taken on a lot of the responsibilities that I once had for myself .
8,null,null,Like cooking for me , cleaning for me , taking me to work sometimes , sleeping in my bed with me .
9,null,null,I feel so fucking bad about that , I feel bad for her
10,null,null,and I feel bad that she is really the only person .
11,null,null,I have my boyfriend who has been as supportive as he can be , especially because he is dealing with his own obstacles
12,null,null,and I feel like I am incapable of being there for him .
13,null,null,I keep having thoughts of breaking up with him and becoming so sensitive towards everything he says
14,null,null,and it makes me beyond words angry at myself that I have failed him and our relationship .
15,null,null,I can not make me happy
16,null,null,, I can not make him happy and
17,null,null,I will not make anyone happy ever .
18,null,null,I am attention and reassurance seeking , I get so angry at the successes of others because I am not good enough .
19,null,null,My identity is shattered and .
20,null,null,especially because now all I can think about is how sad I am
21,null,null,If I am on this downward spiral now , will I ever get out of it ? ?
22,null,null,If I have to live with this any longer , I really do not want to live anymore .
23,null,null,Everyday I entertain the idea of being in a car accident because I want people to take care of me and love me
24,null,null,but I also hate that I want that and wish so badly to be okay with not needing validation and approval from others .
25,null,null,I attempted to overdose recently and
26,null,null,all I thought about was someone finding me dead on the floor and hoping they would feel bad .
27,null,null,I could not even think of how this would affect my poor mother who has been through so much with my ungrateful attenuation seeking ass .
28,null,null,I m so grossed out with myself .
29,null,null,I am eating at myself and
30,null,null,letting myself go
31,null,null,, I keep picking and scratching and slapping myself because I do not think I deserve to get better .
32,null,null,I deserve to hurt because I am a sad sack of shit who has NOTHING to be sad about .
33,null,null,I have everything I could ever need in life
34,null,null,and I am still complaining like an ingrate .
35,null,null,I fucking hate myself so much , there is someone out there who deserves my own life more than I do .
36,null,null,I am going to start antidepressants I was prescribed re cently and am in therapy
37,null,null,( I do not go as often as I probably should ) and
38,null,null,while that is good , I am almost scared of getting better just to get worse again .
39,null,null,I am scared of going on antidepressants because I would rather feel so much than feel nothing at all which is my predicament .
40,null,null,If this does not work , if I keep waking up depressed and if I continue to get worse , I really want to just die .
41,null,null,I have no friends , they all live far away
42,null,null,and I think they only care because I think they can tell I am depressed based on some statuses I have posted .
43,null,null,My boyfriend continues to be loving towards me , but
44,null,null,I always feel like he only does now because he does not want to hurt me .
45,null,null,He says he wants me to get better and be more confident , and I can not help but feel that maybe he deserves someone who is more confident .
46,null,null,He reminisces on the past and
47,null,null,is always talking about wanting to travel
48,null,null,and I can not help but .
49,null,null,feel so bad thinking that I will not be involved in those plans because I am not a fun person to be around
50,null,null,People have reassured me that I am more than enough
51,null,null,but I am not
52,null,null,, I am not I do not believe them .
53,null,null,They are just saying that I hate myself so much
1005 18
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,When your only constant is not a constant anymore , even if it is it does not feel like one .
2,null,null,What do you to not fall into the pit you have worked so hard to climb out of ?
3,null,null,I have had a bad home situation for a couple of years now , it is not getting any better soon .
4,null,null,The constant I am talking about is my boyfriend , my supportive supportive boyfriend .
5,null,null,But recently he moved overseas and everyday .
6,null,null,now we for talk 30 mins
7,null,null,My friends are all attending universities while I am here waiting for the dream I have always had .
8,null,null,I have had suicidal thoughts when I was younger
9,null,null,, I googled it one day and mistakenly I told my friend .
10,null,null,She got so fucking serious .
11,null,null,So then I told her it was all a big joke .
12,null,null,And it eventually started to look like one .
13,null,null,Nowadays , it is getting harder to cope up each and everyday .
14,null,null,I can not seem to concentrate on my college apps .
15,null,null,I am not a suicidal person
16,null,null,, I just need the happiness I crave .
17,null,null,And being negative is not helping at all .
18,null,null,I just want to be happy again .
1006 30
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Life can go fuck itself .
2,null,null,I think I am done .
3,null,null,I am a mechanical engineer graduate .
4,null,null,I came from a different country to the United States to study engineering , hoping I can make something out of myself .
5,null,null,I poured blood sweat and tears trying to get good grades and graduate proudly .
6,null,null,I never went to parties , .
7,null,null,stayed away from drugs , focused on having good relationships with people and overall being kind wherever I could
8,null,null,This country does not want to hire me at all ..
9,null,null,Wherever I send my applications I get rejects .
10,null,null,This was my only dream and .
11,null,null,meant everything in life
12,null,null,All my friends and .
13,null,null,moved on getting jobs
14,null,null,I have an excellent profile and some really good work to show for
15,null,null,but the leadership is a little unpredictable , so ..
16,null,null,companies do not to hire people what like me
17,null,null,I watched so many people cheat their way through exams and projects and gone to get hired by companies like Amazon and Google .
18,null,null,I have not seen my family in three years .
19,null,null,And can barely afford to eat more than one meal a day .
20,null,null,I am getting recurring nightmares of being a failure and
21,null,null,this makes me want to end it all .
22,null,null,I have decided to stay in the US as long as I legally can .
23,null,null,Then then , if I am not getting a job ..
24,null,null,I am simply ending it .
25,null,null,I have nothing else to live for .
26,null,null,Oh and becomes this , I have fucking health problems ..
27,null,null,So who knows how long I will be alive anyway .
28,null,null,Life is unfair ..
29,null,null,So life can go fuck itself .
30,null,null,I am out .
1007 7
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Negative PTO balance Just started a job about 6 months ago
2,null,null,and I am already negative on PTO because it is often too hard to make it out of bed due to crippling depression / overwhelming anxiety / etc .
3,null,null,I also had a switch in depression meds , which wreaked havoc on my brain for several weeks .
4,null,null,Without having FMLA ( & lt;1 year as an employee ) , what are my other options for time to heal ?
5,null,null,My bosses do not know about my depression and .
6,null,null,I have not sought assistance from my company
7,null,null,is EAP
1008 22
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I might be feeling this way , because I demand too much from myself .
2,null,null,I made a similar post about how it could be a sleep problem , but
3,null,null,I have a lot of thoughts in my head , so let me share this , and comment if you think you relate .
4,null,null,Basically , I do not want to settle for what my life is right now .
5,null,null,I do not want to accept a cheap , easy job .
6,null,null,I do not want to accept my poor mental health , and
7,null,null,I do not want to take any of the medicine I am given .
8,null,null,I do not want to live with my parents .
9,null,null,I think my mom is not smart , and my step - dad has always been an angry alcoholic .
10,null,null,I remember the feeling that he hated me ever since my childhood , but
11,null,null,then I think he has trouble understanding people .
12,null,null,I do not want to be any of the things I hate , and
13,null,null,I became very hateful ever since that feeling and the mind fog started .
14,null,null,I do not know .
15,null,null,I felt like I would type more , but
16,null,null,it all revolves around money and things I hate about myself and other people .
17,null,null,I just hate the life I have .
18,null,null,I feel like I am in a terrible mindset .
19,null,null,It is a mindset that does not let me grow , but .
20,null,null,makes me think I should try as hard as I can to
21,null,null,I also feel insufferably tired lately ,
22,null,null,hence the sleep issues post on /r / getting_over_it .
1009 19
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,My formative years were spent in small towns .
2,null,null,Until the third grade , I lived in Indiana .
3,null,null,From the third grade through my junior year in high school , I lived in a small lakeside community in southwestern Michigan .
4,null,null,You could walk or .
5,null,null,ride your bike to anywhere - down to the lake , out on country roads , wherever
6,null,null,My father was a Lutheran school teacher , principal and church organist .
7,null,null,From time to time , he would take a " call " to serve in another Lutheran school in a different town .
8,null,null,In the summer of 1968 , right after my junior year in high school , he decided to take a call to a school in the north side of the city of St. Louis .
9,null,null,It was quite a culture shock for a sheltered young woman who had only lived in small , insular towns
10,null,null,all her life , to move to a city the size of St. Louis .
11,null,null,Quite honestly , when we arrived here I absolutely hated it .
12,null,null,I felt as if I would been thrown to the dark side of the moon .
13,null,null,I had to start my senior year in a new high school in a completely foreign environment .
14,null,null,Everyone else already had their group or circle of friends going back at least three years .
15,null,null,Now you had to have a lot more guts and fortitude and self - esteem
16,null,null,than I had at the time to break into already established groups and make new friends .
17,null,null,This was the year that would set the stage for the first major depressive episode in my life .
18,null,null,This was the year of my first therapist , the first of many to come .
19,null,null,The start of a lifetime of self - discovery .
1010 22
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I put a loaded rifle in my mouth
2,null,null,So about a month ago I got really drunk and kind of lost my shit
3,null,null,I usually just suck it the fuck up
4,null,null,but I do not know if it was the alcohol or if I was just fucking done with it
5,null,null,but I came into my bedroom and
6,null,null,put a loaded rifle in my mouth and was going to pull the trigger
7,null,null,but my sister walked in and
8,null,null,grabbed the gun away from me
9,null,null,she told the rest of the family and to me to the ER and
10,null,null,they
11,null,null,then put me in the nut House for a few days
12,null,null,they let me out after I said I was fine and do not know what happened
13,null,null,I lied and
14,null,null,told them I blacked out and do not remember anything about that night
15,null,null,but I do
16,null,null,so they let me out
17,null,null,but I am still fucked up and
18,null,null,now I find myself sitting there alone with my pistol on my lap just thinking
19,null,null,and I do not really feel nervous about it anymore
20,null,null,I just feel like it may be the way to go
21,null,null,just get in my truck and
22,null,null,drive off somewhere where no one will find me and do it
1011 10
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I hate it when bad people get rewarded One of the facts that depresses me most about life is when bad people get rewarded and live comfortably , and loved by all .
2,null,null,It is hard for me to stomach .
3,null,null,For example , I saw one of my former bullies enter the store I work at .
4,null,null,She was absolutely terrible toward me when we were in high school , such as defacing my sketchbook , purposefully kicking my food away , sending me fake " love letters " , and more .
5,null,null,Anyway , the bully now had two children ( I am having trouble conceiving so that stings ) , and
6,null,null,I think the bully could smell my fear because she headed right to my counter , and began to make a show of how expensive everything was in our store while also " catching up " by telling me about how successful she is with her self made interior design business .
7,null,null,When I got home that night , I looked her up on Facebook , and ..
8,null,null,she does have a much better life than mine .
9,null,null,In every way .
10,null,null,I feel angry that she seemed to have a great one while I have .. struggled .
1012 32
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Hi I am Ricky , I am 17 years old
2,null,null,and I think I have been living with depression for the past 2 years .
3,null,null,I have been through a lot of issues in my life that makes my life feel so unbearable and lonely .
4,null,null,I have not been through any therapy
5,null,null,so I have not been diagnosed with depression
6,null,null,but I obviously have not been feeling happy .
7,null,null,I am a senior in high school
8,null,null,and I hate going to school every morning
9,null,null,, I do not feel like I fit in really .
10,null,null,Reasons are because I am a social outcast
11,null,null,and I do not really like being around other people because I may seem to be off tangent .
12,null,null,People seem to judge me too quickly and
13,null,null,this really pisses me off , or is it that I am way too paranoid .
14,null,null,I zone out a lot and .
15,null,null,just stare at people without even saying a word to any of them
16,null,null,Like I am really anxious around them
17,null,null,and I feel completely uncomfortable .
18,null,null,I started smoking weed when I was a sophomore and ever since then people such as my friends seem to drift away
19,null,null,but it did not really bother me till now .
20,null,null,I do not really have that many close friends other than just friends that I smoke with .
21,null,null,My parents say I should avoid those friends just so I can get a better perspective in my life
22,null,null,but then I do not know how to make new ones .
23,null,null,I really want to make new ones because I want to have a better social life
24,null,null,but I do not know how to get myself motivated .
25,null,null,I want someone to care for like a girl friend , just so that I do not feel so lonely , but then again I do not think I can have a healthy relationship .
26,null,null,My parents also say that I should be more open with God
27,null,null,but I do not have any faith (
28,null,null,if I do not even have any faith in myself , how could I have any with God ) .
29,null,null,I just turn away and .
30,null,null,just hide and just think that it will all be different the next day but never is
31,null,null,Please I need some help because I do not want to feel even more depressed .
32,null,null,Ricky
1013 13
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,The pharmacist always starts treating me like I am fragile and could crack any minute as soon as she sees
2,null,null,my prescription is for bupropion .
3,null,null,I am fragile of course , but
4,null,null,it kills me to see that visible switch from general customer service friendly to you poor thing , let me treat you like the sad and fragile creature you are .
5,null,null,They all mean well , and
6,null,null,it is nice to see that they take it seriously , but I just want to be treated like I am more than my depression .
7,null,null,I will not hurt myself because you did not call me a sweet name like honey and change the tone of your voice to one you would use worth a small child who is upset .
8,null,null,I know you see the dead look in my eyes and wonder if my meds are not strong enough or if you need to remind me yet again that I need to watch for increased thoughts of suicide .
9,null,null,I feel better than I have in a long time , but
10,null,null,I am not there yet
11,null,null,and I am still struggling to address the root of my depression ,
12,null,null,so
13,null,null,yeah I still look awful .
1014 41
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,According to the mental health nurse i am not depressed So
2,null,null,since october 2016 i have been ( or at least thought I had ) been depressed .
3,null,null,I dropped out of school , .
4,null,null,started self harming and was put in hospital twice among other things
5,null,null,I spent nearly the whole of 2017 at home doing nothing because I simply could not .
6,null,null,I got a full time job in september
7,null,null,but I hated it
8,null,null,and it made me worse
9,null,null,and I had to quit after I started self harming again and have been cutting up until now
10,null,null,( i am 18 by the way if that is important ) .
11,null,null,Things have been getting worse again recently .
12,null,null,I am cutting almost every night and .
13,null,null,feel down and just ca nt do anything
14,null,null,I do not even have the energy to shower most days and .
15,null,null,just stay in bed until the late afternoon
16,null,null,However I was hopeful for today as I was going to see a new nurse who I was hoping would be able to set up a plan to help me .
17,null,null,I was with the child services before and
18,null,null,had an amazing nurse who helped me greatly
19,null,null,but as i am 18 i am classed as an adult
20,null,null,so have to go to the adult services .
21,null,null,So as soon as I met the new nurse and we went into the room to talk
22,null,null,she told me she knows almost nothing about me despite there being many notes from the past year .
23,null,null,I told her about leaving my job and feeling low and
24,null,null,the self harm and everything and what she basically told me is ' '
25,null,null,you are not depressed ' ' .
26,null,null,She said that my self harm was normal as it was just scratches
27,null,null,and I was not cutting deep enough to leave any scars which just completely confused me considered i would been put in hospital partly for doing the same thing before .
28,null,null,I have also suffered with terrible social anxiety all my life and .
29,null,null,find it very hard to communicate with others
30,null,null,I told her the only friends i have ever had was the friends I have made years ago when I first started going to school and
31,null,null,what she said was it sounds like I have great social skills as i have been able to make friends .
32,null,null,It honestly felt like she was not listening to a single word I was saying .
33,null,null,As I said she had no notes from before and was basically just assuming what was wrong with me
34,null,null,and that was it .
35,null,null,Also I should add i am in the UK
36,null,null,so this is with the NHS
37,null,null,so i am not paying for this
38,null,null,however my parents have said they would be willing to pay for some sessions with a therapist if that is was I need .
39,null,null,I am sorry if this is long or
40,null,null,it just sounds like i am complaining .
41,null,null,I just wanted other peoples opinions on this as I just do not know what to think .
1015 53
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,42 year old male newbie , just discovering that I suffer from depression .
2,null,null,While there has been evidence all throughout my life , and .
3,null,null,while I have family members that have suffered from depression ( grandmother committed suicide ) , I for some reason am just figuring out now that I suffer from the disease
4,null,null,My questions for those much more experienced and knowledgeable on the forum .
5,null,null,1 .
6,null,null,How would you go about your initial steps of diagnosis and treatment ?
7,null,null,I currently do not have med insurance , so cost is certainly an issue ( we should have medical insurance in place in about a month , as part of my wife is new employer package ) .
8,null,null,2 .
9,null,null,I take a healthy dose of vitamins daily , including proteins such as L - Tyrosine , which helps me feel really good when I am not under the effects of depression .
10,null,null,Does anyone on the forum have experience with L - Tyrosine and its impact on their feelings of depression ?
11,null,null,I understand that the amino acids help with the production of dopamine and helps with brain function .
12,null,null,Any comments ?
13,null,null,A little background : I am just coming off a very successful 4 year period where I started a complicated new business and got married again .
14,null,null,However , during these last few months I have been unable to work at my previous pace , putting my business in real jeopardy .
15,null,null,In fact , there are only a couple of days per week where I seem to be able to work , and .
16,null,null,typically only a few hours at a time during those days
17,null,null,When I do work I get exhausted quickly .
18,null,null,Today , I had a major conference call that required some preparation .
19,null,null,I was very up during the call , but .
20,null,null,then collapsed afterward in complete exhaustion
21,null,null,Seems to be the story for me recently , I can psych myself up for short bursts of performance , then I quickly decline again in an inability to concentrate on anything other than light web surfing .
22,null,null,I continue to get up early and exercise daily .
23,null,null,I live a healthy lifestyle , .
24,null,null,eat well , and walk 5 + miles every morning
25,null,null,I sleep regular hours , however , will sleep a few hours during the day during my wouldown ' days .
26,null,null,Looking back at my past , I am now clearly seeing times in my life where my performance level went down drastically , or where I had problems with relationships .
27,null,null,At the time , I did not realize anything was going on , or
28,null,null,I simply did not understand it .
29,null,null,I can now go recall having real problems with my grades during my freshman year of high school .
30,null,null,At the time , I recall saying to myself that I could not understand why I was performing so badly .
31,null,null,It was as it something was holding me back
32,null,null,and I could not overcome it .
33,null,null,At the time , I just kept studying and working harder , but
34,null,null,I was unsuccessful .
35,null,null,Eventually , I got through it and
36,null,null,my grades went back to normal .
37,null,null,But all of these years I never really understood what happened in that freshman year , until now .
38,null,null,In summary , there have been many other times in my life where things have fallen apart
39,null,null,and I have not understood why .
40,null,null,My past is littered by successful businesses that I have created and then have eventually failed , usually by my inability to maintain my performance level .
41,null,null,There has obviously been a pattern that I do not yet understand , but
42,null,null,at least now I am beginning to see why there was a downturn .
43,null,null,Thankfully , I have now met the women of every man .
44,null,null,is dreams
45,null,null,While she knows I am depressed
46,null,null,I have not yet let her know the depths of my despair or of my recent understanding of my past behavior .
47,null,null,The good news here is that I have great family support , but
48,null,null,I am wrestling with how much to tell my wife about what is going on inside my head .
49,null,null,She gets stressed easily and .
50,null,null,will worry deeply about me
51,null,null,I am not sure I want to lay that all out on her .
52,null,null,Anyone else find themselves in this dilemma ?
53,null,null,Well , thank you for giving me the opportunity to share and to join this forum .
1016 31
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,We have been playing Quake 4 almost every night for a little while .
2,null,null,We play online against other players using Xbox Live
3,null,null,and it is very cool .
4,null,null,Most people are friendly .
5,null,null,We have made some ' friends ' and
6,null,null,we find them and play with them .
7,null,null,One time I found some person talking too much trash
8,null,null,and you can go in a mute them or .
9,null,null,set a preference to never see them again
10,null,null,Well , last night I encountered a group who had a feud going .
11,null,null,One kid was talking too much trash and people on the other side
12,null,null,were just going with it .
13,null,null,I figured one game was a not a big deal .
14,null,null,But sometimes you end up finding them again and again in the same night .
15,null,null,I have this guy
16,null,null,some slack and did not say anything
17,null,null,but then later I got to play as part of the same team with him .
18,null,null,What a jerk .
19,null,null,He kept asking me to give him the flag
20,null,null,so he score it and .
21,null,null,get the points instead of me
22,null,null,Forget about the team winning , this guy wanted all the points for himself and .
23,null,null,did not care about the team
24,null,null,I had to set him straight , and
25,null,null,after the game I had to report him as being a trash player and set in my preferences to never see him again .
26,null,null,After that I saw the other players and
27,null,null,they were all nice .
28,null,null,It only takes one guy to ruin a great experience .
29,null,null,Overall , playing online with all these people and talking with them is great , you just have to know when to cut someone loose .
30,null,null,Eventually when many people report him as being a jerk , he will be banned from the game .
31,null,null,Oh well .
1017 11
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I messed up ..
2,null,null,I am not gon na beat around the bush .
3,null,null,I tried to kill myself .
4,null,null,I freaked out at the last minute and
5,null,null,stopped the worst of the bleeding
6,null,null,but now I have a huge , bloody gash on my wrist .
7,null,null,I do not want anybody to find out
8,null,null,but I will not be able to hide it for long .
9,null,null,It is bleeding all over the palce and
10,null,null,the most I have to cover it is shitty plasters .
11,null,null,What the fuck am I supposed to do now ? ?
1018 12
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am quite literally dead inside Even when I feel emotions , it is just despair and sadness .
2,null,null,The rest of it just pure numbness .
3,null,null,I can not remember half the thing I was doing today
4,null,null,and I do not even care .
5,null,null,The only thing keeping me alive is video games and the hope of some new bond in the next school year .
6,null,null,Eventually , it will not be enough .
7,null,null,I have always felt broken inside .
8,null,null,Ever since 6th grade .
9,null,null,But there .
10,null,null,Just needed some of that off my chest .
11,null,null,Sorry for bitching and .
12,null,null,wasting your time
1019 9
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Tomorrow is my birthday
2,null,null,and I really do not give a shit
3,null,null,I really do nt like my birthday because the past 5 years have been so horrible for me .
4,null,null,Every year on my birthday I just think about how hard everything has been and how unhappy I am , hoping I will be happier the next year .
5,null,null,But then I get to the next birthday and .
6,null,null,just realize that I am still so unhappy and unsatisfied with life
7,null,null,I am just getting tired of it .
8,null,null,I hate hearing people wish me a happy birthday
9,null,null,when me being happy on my birthday just seems impossible .
1020 10
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I wish I was bad at faking it
2,null,null,Everyone thinks I am better , that I just have trouble sleeping sometimes and
3,null,null,college is tough the first semester blah blah .
4,null,null,And I want to be perfect for my boyfriend and make him happy and act like this cute little girlfriend for him .
5,null,null,But he always believes my fake smiles and my fake
6,null,null," I am fine ! "
7,null,null,, I wish he could tell because I do not want to tell him when I am struggling .
8,null,null,And at the sametime I want to tell him I think about killing myself often
9,null,null,and I need him sometimes , but
10,null,null,I do not want to force him to comfort me and be there for me .
1021 36
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I can absolutely relate to what you are going through .
2,null,null,I understand how difficult it is adjusting to so many different personalities .
3,null,null,Ten people in one apartment is overwhelming , to say the least .
4,null,null,I used to live with four other girls who had diverse interests , and
5,null,null,unfortunately we all kept to ourselves because of the different personalities .
6,null,null,It was best that way .
7,null,null,In your case , it seems like you are making as much effort as you can to be social .
8,null,null,There is no need to go out on a limb to prove that you are not anti - social .
9,null,null,When I had depression I really needed my space and the last thing I wanted to do was socialize with my roommates .
10,null,null,Luckily , I am in my own apartment and .
11,null,null,have been living alone for three years now
12,null,null,It has helped enormously .
13,null,null,I wonder if you can request a transfer to a bachelor suite where you can live by yourself .
14,null,null,I did that in my 3rd year and
15,null,null,the apartment manager put me on a waiting list , and I was able to get my own living space by November .
16,null,null,Even though the moving was a hassle , I never regretted it .
17,null,null,As for finding ways to spend time away from the noise of other people , I usually take the bus to visit a bookstore that is far away from campus .
18,null,null,I go there every weekend to relax and read .
19,null,null,It is away from campus life and
20,null,null,it has helped me sort out my thoughts .
21,null,null,The suggestions made by others such as the library , and a park are wonderful too .
22,null,null,Maybe you can purchase a bus pass ?
23,null,null,I have depression and social anxiety , so
24,null,null,it was difficult dealing with the university atmosphere on my own .
25,null,null,I made only a couple of friends who have since moved on or graduated .
26,null,null,I too saw a school counselor , but
27,null,null,it was short - lived .
28,null,null,What helped me , other than getting away from campus , was getting some online support from forums such as this one .
29,null,null,I also kind of clung to one friend at a time , instead of many groups of people .
30,null,null,I would go to the movie theatre and , or
31,null,null,watch something funny
32,null,null,I would take long walks .
33,null,null,You are not alone .
34,null,null,Hang in there and .
35,null,null,keep posting if you feel really down
36,null,null,I think this forum is very supportive and people will try to help you the best way they can .
1022 9
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I have been on 50 mg of Zoloft for 6 months now , and
2,null,null,I have the worst night sweats ! !
3,null,null,I have not had any other side effects from it other than the night sweats , but
4,null,null,this side effect is enough !
5,null,null,I get them about every other week and
6,null,null,they last for 4 - 5 days .
7,null,null,Sometimes it is so bad that I wake up 3 times a night to change my clothes because I am drenched !
8,null,null,I just wanted to know if anyone else has had the same experience ?
9,null,null,I am thinking of getting some blood work done to rule out anything else even though my doctor says that it is definitely caused from the Zoloft since I never had this problem before !
1023 9
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Does anyone else go way out of their way for others , because no one goes out of their way for you ?
2,null,null,I have two roommates who are in a relationship together .
3,null,null,I moved out of my parents house to live with them .
4,null,null,I am on my own for the first time in my life .
5,null,null,I have no one who cares about me anymore .
6,null,null,Since it is Christmas , I bought them each a couple of gifts and also Christmas stockings since they have both never celebrated Christmas in North America .
7,null,null,I filled them with a bunch of candies , chocolates , soaps , etc .
8,null,null,It felt good to do this but also at the same time knowing I will wake up to nothing on Christmas morning .
9,null,null,sad
1024 48
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I have lost 4 Marines to depression and
2,null,null,almsost lost a 5th .
3,null,null,None saw combat .
4,null,null,I need help understanding .
5,null,null,Hi .
6,null,null,I just had my 4th funeral in 7 years for yet another Marine .
7,null,null,A few days ago another one called me with a gun to his head
8,null,null,and i talked him down .
9,null,null,These 5 Marines , as far as i can tell suffer / suffered from depression .
10,null,null,Pretty much every one of them was intelligent ( like way too smart for the Marine Corps ) and
11,null,null,each of them stood out as " the funny one " .
12,null,null,To say very few people understood they were struggling would be an understatement .
13,null,null,The Marine Corps has done a lot to try and help suicidal Marines , but .
14,null,null,all our training videos depict some " clearly distressed " person telegraphing an intent to harm themselves
15,null,null,In reality none of these people let on the depth of their suffering and
16,null,null,only one made an attempt to seek help .
17,null,null,What I am asking : As someone who has never suffered depression ( I ve been " depressed " but that was from external factors like a job not working out or a girl leaving me .
18,null,null,I consider that normal human emotion ) , how do I identify Marines under my care
19,null,null,thst may be suffering and .
20,null,null,need help
21,null,null,They are NOT giving the outward signs in the stupid " Lance Corporal Decker video
22,null,null," we watch once a year .
23,null,null,Thanks .
24,null,null,Edit : been at work all day .
25,null,null,then went to visit a former Marine that dealt with some serious issues in his day but is doing well now
26,null,null,Mulled over a lot of this with him , then checked back in here and .
27,null,null,saw all these wonderful responses
28,null,null,I have read every one , some several times .
29,null,null,I have a lot to consider and learn , but .
30,null,null,thank you for helping me find some direction
31,null,null,One thing i did not mention is my role in all this .
32,null,null,I m not sone big wig commander with tools at my disposal .
33,null,null,I m a newly promoted Sergeant and a squad leader with just a handful of guys under me .
34,null,null,The one we just burried was not in my platoon , but
35,null,null,i knew him enough to be deeply saddened by his loss .
36,null,null,The other three were guys
37,null,null,i was close to back in training , but
38,null,null,i was not currently stationed with them when it happened .
39,null,null,In fact i found out about all three of them on Facebook .
40,null,null,This recent one , and the one that called me with suicidal thoughts , have made me want to be much more aware of the mental health of those around me .
41,null,null,The scary thing to me is , even with hindsight , i would not have picked these five guys out of the lot as having ANY kind of issues , let alone suicidal tendencies .
42,null,null,I have also noticed , maybe because of my nature or leadership style , that i m the one people tend
43,null,null,come to with problems .
44,null,null,I make it known that i m here for that purpose , and
45,null,null,people take me up on it .
46,null,null,So I guess now i want to make sure i can spot when someone needs more help than they may be openly asking for .
47,null,null,I will be more vigilant in my assessments of the needs of those under my watch .
48,null,null,Thank you all for the detailed and informed replies .
1025 17
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,i am new here , i am 26 years old
2,null,null,and i have been taking effexor for 4 years now .
3,null,null,i have struggled with insomnia , and
4,null,null,taken just about everything out there ( trazadone , seroquil , lorazepam , clonazapam .. )
5,null,null,i have been on remeron for a month now , 30 mg at night
6,null,null,and i find it works well
7,null,null,but i am worried about the side effects , particularly weight gain
8,null,null,, i have noticed my appetite has increased , any tips ?
9,null,null,i hate to go off , since it actually works .
10,null,null,i would appreciate any advice .
11,null,null,also , my sex drive has become a big fat zero lately , and
12,null,null,that is very odd for me .
13,null,null,i am single right now , but
14,null,null,i can not even imagine having sex with anyone including myself ! !
15,null,null,i have asked about wellbutrin , but .
16,null,null,was turned down by my doctor who did not think it would be right for me
17,null,null,any thoughts ?
1026 139
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,My Mom shot herself .
2,null,null,Hi forum , I am going through alot right now and .
3,null,null,have no idea what to do
4,null,null,I will tell you the story , its a long one ..
5,null,null,I hope you are willing to read .
6,null,null,I am 32 years old , I was very close to my mother ..
7,null,null,We had a bond that was as strong as steel .
8,null,null,My dad whom she was with since the age of 15 left her 11 years ago for another woman and .
9,null,null,found happiness
10,null,null,She had never been with any other man .
11,null,null,I have an older sister that is 42
12,null,null,and we had different relationships .
13,null,null,My mother was angry and
14,null,null,could never get over my dad ,
15,null,null,year after year we would hear how much she hated him but still loved him
16,null,null,, she would wish they could be one again .
17,null,null,It never happened , she had been with no one and .
18,null,null,remained lonley for 11 years
19,null,null,Her depression became her life , it was so bad we would stop talking to her because all she would talk about is killing herself and how she hated my dad .
20,null,null,10 years of it , She had little money and was very sick , She went from healthy to brittle in a matter of 10 years .
21,null,null,Back surgery is , aching bones , depression , pain pain and more pain .
22,null,null,It became up to me and my sister to take care of her , she could not drive so we always had to drive over to take her to the dr , groceries or to get things she needed , it became stressfull and
23,null,null,we would somtimes bicker over it .. even after the divorce my dad helped he wanted to or when could .
24,null,null,She started thinking she was a burden ..
25,null,null,then started lashing out on us at times
26,null,null,, I went a whole year not speaking to her until she called me to apologize for her horrible words with me .
27,null,null,I forgave her and
28,null,null,we began a relationship again ..
29,null,null,this time it was amazing again , we got along and .
30,null,null,finally after 10 years she accepted my partner
31,null,null,Long story short drama hit the fan again in early Nov this year .
32,null,null,Things were said between her and my sister
33,null,null,and they got me involved
34,null,null,, I got upset with my mom
35,null,null,and she was so hurt and thought that I thought she was a liar .
36,null,null,My sister told me she said something about my son that she claimed she did not .
37,null,null,I did not care after a while , I had plans with her on the day before thanksgiving to go see her .. on the 19th of NOV .
38,null,null,She asked on the 19th if i could come hook up her VCR
39,null,null,so she could watch A Christmas Story
40,null,null,, I told her next weekend ,
41,null,null,then she later that night got upset again , she texted all of us the usual suicide talk .
42,null,null,I had told her the day before that I did not want anymore drama , if i went over with my family
43,null,null,I did not want to hear about my dad and sister .
44,null,null,I just wanted to have a good time .
45,null,null,She then texted me and .
46,null,null,a lot of other family that she loved me
47,null,null,that it was not my fault , she bought the gun ..
48,null,null,( I took her to get that gun for protection
49,null,null,so I always told her if she did that I would feel to blame )
50,null,null,She would say " SON I bought it !
51,null,null,Do nt feel to blame
52,null,null," I hated that !
53,null,null,Still I never belived she would do it ..
54,null,null,I was so bitter about her not wanting to be possitive
55,null,null,I hadent called her .
56,null,null,I ignored her suicide text and ..
57,null,null,just decided to let her cool off
58,null,null,20th , 21st-29th we had nt spoken ..
59,null,null,I had a bad feeling but
60,null,null,did nt know why ..
61,null,null,she had nt called ..
62,null,null,so i figured she was angry with me ..
63,null,null,I get a call from my aunt on my dads side who she was very close with ..
64,null,null," Is it true ?
65,null,null,The rumors about your mom ?
66,null,null," I was picking up my kids from school ..
67,null,null,I said " huh ?
68,null,null,what she say about me this time hahaha ? "
69,null,null," Call your sister
70,null,null," she said ..
71,null,null,I called and
72,null,null,she told me to go home right away ..
73,null,null,Then she said when getting home
74,null,null," Mom .. mom ..
75,null,null,* cries *
76,null,null,..
77,null,null,Moms dead ..
78,null,null,she killed herself
79,null,null," I said " do nt say that " about 12 times breaking down more and more each time I repeated it ..
80,null,null,I fell apart crying for who know how long .. day one was hard
81,null,null,, day two was harder , day 3 was numb and empty
82,null,null,and I could not cry or
83,null,null,sleep
84,null,null,, day 4 I then hit a new horrible moment ..
85,null,null,I found out she had been in her apartment dead since the 20th ..
86,null,null,the complex lied and ..
87,null,null,said no one heard anything and that s another story
88,null,null,they are being sued soon ..
89,null,null,her body was in there so long that we will not have an open casket this week in her funeral ..
90,null,null,Then i went into her apartment to start gathering her things ..
91,null,null,i smelled the death and decay ..
92,null,null,I have never felt so sick and horrified in my life .
93,null,null,I will never forget it ..
94,null,null,i went to where she did it and saw the carpet cut out and her bed gone ..
95,null,null,her place was left just like I last saw it ..
96,null,null,it killed me ..
97,null,null,I am now on day 6 and
98,null,null,her ceremony is tomorrow in her home town ..
99,null,null,Idk what to think or feel anymore ..
100,null,null,my wife is trying to support me cause her mom died when she was 17
101,null,null,but i am changing ..
102,null,null,She can see it
103,null,null,, I do nt want to run my company
104,null,null,, I do nt sleep , I have this numb feeling ..
105,null,null,I cry out of no
106,null,null,where .. I can not stop picturing her lifeless body
107,null,null,, I ca nt stop thinking
108,null,null," was she in pain ? "
109,null,null,picturing her bleed out her exit wound for over a week ..
110,null,null,I cry and ..
111,null,null,can not stop
112,null,null,I feel like dying ..
113,null,null,I feel so empty and full of rage ..
114,null,null,I wounder why she left me here ..
115,null,null,I wish I could of took it back
116,null,null,, I feel its my fault
117,null,null,I should have went over or ..
118,null,null,called
119,null,null,My phone had got disconnected on the 19th
120,null,null,but I had a home phone , she said " I wish you could talk to me on the phone I love you " ..
121,null,null,I hate myself so much I hate myself ! !
122,null,null,I just can only think how I could have saved her ..
123,null,null,I miss my mom ..
124,null,null,I miss her so much !
125,null,null,I do nt feel I can cope ..
126,null,null,I m sorry for your loss ..
127,null,null,i m
128,null,null,so sorry ..
129,null,null,welp ..
130,null,null,she s in a better place .. STFU ! !
131,null,null,I m so angry ..
132,null,null,I wish I was a better person I wish I would of took her serious ..
133,null,null,I can only listen to her voice mails ranting and raving how much she loves me ..
134,null,null,I can read her text after all the times we hung out and had fun ..
135,null,null,I got my mom back after a year of not talking for only 2 and a half months
136,null,null,..
137,null,null,2 and a half months of my mom loving my partner , getting along with me and ..
138,null,null,having positive moments
139,null,null,I regret everything .. please help me ..
1027 24
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Zoloft made me fly off the handle I have episodes of clinical depression
2,null,null,that last a few weeks alternating with episodes of being euphoric , having so much energy , and thinking I am the greatest person in the world
3,null,null,and I have superpowers .
4,null,null,It is awesome but ,
5,null,null,has issues of its own because I tend to make poor choices
6,null,null,act conceited /
7,null,null,rude without realizing it , and .
8,null,null,sometimes get angry
9,null,null,I was on Zoloft for a short time ( age 11 - 12 ) and
10,null,null,it made me a little less depressed but caused me to do horrible things impulsively , act spoiled and stuck up , and have frequent fits of rage .
11,null,null,I attempted suicide within the first month of taking meds .
12,null,null,I developed anorexia ,
13,null,null,made poor sexual and financial decisions , and was fired from my Saturday job as a babysitter because I was yelling at the kids , teaching them how to swear and bragging about it to other teachers , and trying to flirt with the children is fathers .
14,null,null,At school I told everyone I had superpowers and raged at them when they said that my superpowers were not real .
15,null,null,I had arguments with my parents and .
16,null,null,pulled out a knife to threaten them at one point
17,null,null,I had a boyfriend but .
18,null,null,was still flirting with other boys constantly including my teachers
19,null,null,I tried to rapebait by going into the house of a suspected molester / murderer / drug dealer but .
20,null,null,was stopped thankfully
21,null,null,After going off meds I crashed and .
22,null,null,burned HARD
23,null,null,I am better now however as this was 5 years ago .
24,null,null,I cringe whenever I remember it however .
1028 38
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Hi , I have posted a few responses on the forum , but
2,null,null,this will be my first thread .
3,null,null,I guess I am wondering if I truly suffer from depression or another mental illness .
4,null,null,I have not seen a psychologist or a therapist , but
5,null,null,I have been reading your threads for the last few weeks .
6,null,null,My heart goes out to you and
7,null,null,I wish that I could lend more support than I can .
8,null,null,I know that my situation is not nearly as dire as many of you , but
9,null,null,I still ponder whether I have a iproblemi .
10,null,null,For the last couple of years , I have experienced an increase in mood swings .
11,null,null,I will be doing fine and
12,null,null,then a ilight switchi goes off , and I get a bad case of the blues .
13,null,null,These can last for a few of days .
14,null,null,In my mind , I know that everything is actually okay , but
15,null,null,I can not shake the idowni feeling .
16,null,null,I also have frequent bouts of being istressed - outi .
17,null,null,By this I mean that all of the tasks that I need to get done seem to be insurmountable and that there will never be enough time to get things done .
18,null,null,I sometimes break down in tears during my more manic attacks of frustration and worry .
19,null,null,Life seems to have become one long list of stuff to do .
20,null,null,Even the fun stuff has become something to get done so that I can move on to the next day .
21,null,null,As for itriggersi , as I have been reading about in your posts , I know that I have two major issues .
22,null,null,I do not deal well with my emotions when my husband gets angry ( not abusive , just normal iguy angryi ) or
23,null,null,I feel that I have somehow iscrewed - upi and let him down by not doing something right .
24,null,null,I turn very inward and
25,null,null,the ilight switchi goes off .
26,null,null,My second issues deals with embarrassment .
27,null,null,I do not take embarrassment well .
28,null,null,My stress / anxiety over getting the housework done stems from my concern that people may come over and I will be embarrassed by the state of the house ( in fact , the house is always neat and clean , if a bit disheveled by daily life ) .
29,null,null,I often worry about whether I embarrassed myself during social outings or at parties with my friends .
30,null,null,My husband reassures me , but
31,null,null,that does not usually ease my worry .
32,null,null,My ObGyn gave me Sarafem ( Prozac 20 mg ) three weeks ago , and
33,null,null,I seem to be operating on a more even keel these days .
34,null,null,The lows are not as low
35,null,null,and I seem to be able to let more stuff just roll off my back .
36,null,null,I am pleased with the results , and
37,null,null,my husband has seen a real improvement , but I am still asking myself the basic question as to whether I am indeed ill .
38,null,null,Please provide some feedback if you can , as this is the first time that I have tried to really tell folks about how I feel .
1029 10
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Why does it take some 6 months to recover , some 6 years , and
2,null,null,some never ?
3,null,null,I know it is because we all have different brains , mental illness affects us all differently .
4,null,null,I know some illnesses have no cure .
5,null,null,But I recently saw in a youtube comment section
6,null,null,one person said " I have been living with depression & amp ; PTSD for 25 years , it gets easier every day blah blah blah blah .. " and
7,null,null,someone else responded " I recovered from depression & amp ; PTSD in about 2 years ..
8,null,null,lmao
9,null,null," Do those who recover quickly look down on those who recover slowly or can not recover at all ?
10,null,null,Also is there any more information on why we all recover at different rates other than what I mentioned above ?
1030 14
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,the beautiful things in life Light streaming through the leaves of a tree .
2,null,null,The night sky , thousands of pinpricks in black velvet .
3,null,null,Someone so beautiful
4,null,null,they make you catch your breath when you look at them .
5,null,null,Those songs that make the hairs stand on your arms .
6,null,null,The only thing that keeps me alive is the beauty in the world .
7,null,null,It makes time slow down just for a little , and .
8,null,null,stops the incessant flow of ( mostly negative ) thoughts
9,null,null,There is so much beauty left to see .
10,null,null,It can be as amazing as the the clear blue waters surrounding a tropical island .
11,null,null,It could be as mundane as a flock of birds flying in harmony over your roof .
12,null,null,Sure , there are a lot of really shitty things that we go through , but
13,null,null,there are those breathtaking moments you have yet to experience .
14,null,null,Those moments where you think " damn , it really is nice to be alive . "
1031 11
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am so alone ..
2,null,null,I am almost 20
3,null,null,and I have never been in a relationship before .
4,null,null,I have only been rejected by 4 guys and 2 girls .
5,null,null,One of them is my closest friend .
6,null,null,He says that if I was a girl he would be with me .
7,null,null,This makes me feel like I have to change myself in order to be his .
8,null,null,Even then I still do not think he will be with me .
9,null,null,I am in love with him because he is one of the only people who makes me feel like I matter .
10,null,null,I just wonder if I am even going to have anyone in the future ..
11,null,null,Dating websites / apps are also out of the question because no one wants to talk to me no matter how hard I try .
1032 10
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am winning this battle today I ordered groceries ,
2,null,null,pretty much all produce .
3,null,null,I WILL NOT let them go bad .
4,null,null,I am doing laundry today .
5,null,null,I am showering today and .
6,null,null,brushing my hair
7,null,null,I just might even mow my back yard ( , but
8,null,null,not likely
9,null,null,it is fun to dream )
10,null,null,I am not letting my depression best me today .
1033 7
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I do not eat because I do not want to eat alone
2,null,null,I live at a school where the only place to eat is a cafeteria .
3,null,null,I stopped going because I am always by myself .
4,null,null,I already payed for the food and
5,null,null,I do not have money to eat outside the caf
6,null,null,so I just do not eat .
7,null,null,God I feel like shit .
1034 16
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am sorry for the life I chose , I just want another chance I regret every decision I have made in my life , like to list the off not in order of reason or value to me but just randomly .
2,null,null,I have really bad teeth because I just drunk alot of fizzy drinks and .
3,null,null,did not take care of them
4,null,null,Secondly this was because of that
5,null,null,but I because shy and anxious all the time thinking about what people thought of me .
6,null,null,So did not make many friends in school .
7,null,null,Then during school my attention gravitated towards video games and
8,null,null,my grades became shit .
9,null,null,Therefore felt like university was not an option for me .
10,null,null,I was taking to this girl I liked
11,null,null,and she did not seem to bothered about my appearance more my personality
12,null,null,but she was interested in someone else .
13,null,null,I got really attached to her and .
14,null,null,ended up losing her and a good friend because I became too attached
15,null,null,I regret all of this 10 times over if I could relive my live
16,null,null,I would regardless of the emotional scares and events that I went through
1035 11
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am 2 - 3 years I will be moving to a state where purchasing a gun is easy .
2,null,null,I will finally be able to successfully commit suicide .
3,null,null,Been through 11 electroconvulsive therapy procedures ( shock therapy ) , so many medications did not work , my psychiatrist and therapist gave up on me .
4,null,null,I am exactly what you think I am , a fucking loser .
5,null,null,A kissless , ugly , worthless virgin .
6,null,null,hugless ,
7,null,null,It is said that the decision of suicide is an impulse , well what
8,null,null,if I told you this impulse decision has been 7 years in the making .
9,null,null,I am 20 now and
10,null,null,man
11,null,null,, it is time to take action .
1036 111
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Beautifully Broken I have spent most of my life afraid to be my true self because I believed that if I did not live up to the standards and norms that I grew up with , I would not be accepted .
2,null,null,I was told since a young age how I should act , talk , and dress .
3,null,null,I was told that money was important and that attending societal events and bullshit balls was your key to social success .
4,null,null,And those things , trying to feel important , had meant everything to me .
5,null,null,But then life screws you over and .
6,null,null,suddenly your perspective on everything changes
7,null,null,I learned that I no longer wanted to be the person that everyone said I had to be and things that had once seemed important became trivial .
8,null,null,I realized that I did not give a fuck if I had Tory Burch shoes or a Chanel bag .
9,null,null,No amount of money could ever bring me happiness , which was clearly evident in the money that was spent on
10,null,null,I am sorry shopping trips and my therapist .
11,null,null,Things started falling apart at home when I was 15 years old .
12,null,null,So my remedy to broken family was to drink until I could not feel .
13,null,null,But despite my new fond love of alcohol and its pain killing effects , I kept my life together .
14,null,null,I worked hard in school , I stayed active in my community , and
15,null,null,I made sure people thought I was keeping it together .
16,null,null,I could not let everyone know that I was a fucking mess .
17,null,null,But in this process , I slowly lost myself and .
18,null,null,started living two different lives
19,null,null,When the curtains were wide open , people saw a girl that was very studious , .
20,null,null,had many accomplishment is , and always had a smile on her face
21,null,null,But as soon as the curtains closed and I was alone , my demons came out .
22,null,null,And the more I hid , the more I lost myself .
23,null,null,At one point , the alcohol was not enough .
24,null,null,Things had only gotten worse at home
25,null,null,and I needed a new escape .
26,null,null,The first time I did it , it was a pair of scissors .
27,null,null,It was small , barely noticeable .
28,null,null,I had sworn after the first time that I would never hurt myself again .
29,null,null,But eventually I did , and
30,null,null,when I left for college it had only gotten worse .
31,null,null,By my second year of college , I had reached my lowest point .
32,null,null,I was in a toxic , emotionally abusive , relationship .
33,null,null,I had a broken relationship with my parents , who spent most of their time stuck in a cycle of fighting , not speaking , and then pretending that they were okay .
34,null,null,I had not spoken to my older brother , a struggling addict at the time , in almost a year .
35,null,null,I no longer knew who I was .
36,null,null,So one night I went out and .
37,null,null,bought a bottle of wine with my fake ID and went back to my apartment and chugged the entire thing
38,null,null,I sat on my bathroom floor crying , staring at the knife in my hand .
39,null,null,And in the back of my mind I thought about the gun that was a few feet away from me hidden in a book that my dad had given me for protection .
40,null,null,For the first time in my life , I had looked at mortality straight in the face .
41,null,null,I had questioned it many times , but
42,null,null,it was never like that night .
43,null,null,Eventually the crying stopped and
44,null,null,the numbness came , a feeling I had become all too familiar with .
45,null,null,Would I do it ?
46,null,null,Could I do it ?
47,null,null,Would anyone care ?
48,null,null,I was consumed with darkness , but
49,null,null,there was a small flicker of light , of hope .
50,null,null,I wanted to help people , I wanted to one day to change the world , or .
51,null,null,at the very least change one person is life
52,null,null,I was not ready to leave just yet ,
53,null,null,so I held on to the tiny amount of hope that was left in me .
54,null,null,I called the cops and .
55,null,null,was admitted into a psychiatric center
56,null,null,I spent 48 hours in a white walled , emotionless , prison like place .
57,null,null,And not once did someone ask me if I was okay .
58,null,null,My parents came up to see me and had a difficult time accepting what had happened and
59,null,null,I did not understand why .
60,null,null,They knew I wanted help , they saw the scars on my arms , and
61,null,null,they knew that I was not okay .
62,null,null,They blamed my relationship with my then boyfriend and .
63,null,null,told me to never speak of this to anyone
64,null,null,They did not want people to know I was crazy .
65,null,null,Was I ?
66,null,null,During that time , I came to believe I was , but
67,null,null,now I understand that I was just broken .
68,null,null,It is been over three years since that happened and
69,null,null,although I still struggled with a lot after that , I am now in a better place .
70,null,null,The reason I am writing this is because I promised myself to one day .
71,null,null,help the 15-year - old me whose cries for help where tossed to the side , who was told she was over - dramatic and crazy , and who thought that cutting was the only way to cope
72,null,null,There was a reason I grew up surrounded by mental illness .
73,null,null,I watched not only
74,null,null,myself go through it , but I saw my brother , my parents , my friends , and so many people on the news struggling with their own demons .
75,null,null,And this did not happen because life felt like fucking me over , it was just trying to show me what my reason for living is .
76,null,null,I spent years ashamed of the person I was because I was scared to show people my true , raw , fucked up self .
77,null,null,But is not that the problem ?
78,null,null,When it comes to having a mental illness , we believe the stigmas that come attached to it
79,null,null,and we are afraid to speak up and talk about it .
80,null,null,And the people who are lucky enough to not experience it , do not want to talk about it either .
81,null,null,The only difference from how mental illness was treated a hundred years ago and now , is that we no longer hide and chain our family members in basements or attics , but the shame and embarrassment is still there .
82,null,null,And I want to change that .
83,null,null,I want to remove the stigmas and stereotypes attached to mental illness and get people talking .
84,null,null,But change starts with me , and
85,null,null,that means that I can not be afraid to share my experiences .
86,null,null,This is who I am
87,null,null,and I would not change my life for anything in the world because now I truly understand what it is like to live with a mental illness .
88,null,null,I finally know what the difference between sympathy and empathy is , and
89,null,null,that is one of the greatest gifts that could have come out from this .
90,null,null,I will be exploring different topics on mental illness while trying to find ways to change the way people think and talk about it .
91,null,null,I will not only be looking at the psychological background of mental illness , but .
92,null,null,the neurological background as well
93,null,null,More and more scientists are publishing articles on different alternative treatments that do not involve medications .
94,null,null,One of my favorite topics , which I will soon explore in more detail , is neuroplasticity , or
95,null,null,the brains way of re - wiring itself to create new circuits , and .
96,null,null,essentially a new you
97,null,null,I have set a goal to one day create a facility for those who are afflicted with a mental illness .
98,null,null,But instead of white walls , cold stares from employees , and isolation , they will be surrounded by beautiful colors , the outdoors , and people who actually care .
99,null,null,Our current mental health system is completely and utterly fucked up .
100,null,null,We can not keep over - medicating people and .
101,null,null,throwing them out into the world with absolutely no regard for their actual well - being
102,null,null,If these treatments were actually working , we would not be seeing an alarmingly increasing rate of mental illness .
103,null,null,It is time to re - define mental illness and stick a middle finger up to all the people who tell you that you are crazy or different .
104,null,null,And maybe I am crazy , I am sure as hell different , but
105,null,null,that does not make me any less of a person .
106,null,null,I am proud of who I have become
107,null,null,and now I know what the purpose of my life is , and
108,null,null,I am not going to stop chasing it .
109,null,null,-RBZ
110,null,null,Sometimes the most beautiful people are beautifully broken -r.m .
111,null,null,drake
1037 17
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I do nt want to kill myself .
2,null,null,I just do not want to exist
3,null,null,I do nt want to exist .
4,null,null,I do nt want to deal with all these emotions .
5,null,null,I hate myself .
6,null,null,I know people around me would no doubt benefit with me
7,null,null,gone .
8,null,null,I do nt want to kill myself .
9,null,null,It would just be another giant cost to my family who does not have much money to begin with .
10,null,null,I am an accident .
11,null,null,Nobody wants a fifth kid in their 40s .
12,null,null,I was not meant to exist
13,null,null,so why am I here ?
14,null,null,If I was not here maybe my parents could have bought a house instead of renting their whole life .
15,null,null,Maybe buy a car that the bumper does not fall off on .
16,null,null,Maybe they could have enough money to retire soon .
17,null,null,I just wish I did not have to exist to be a burden on everyone
1038 18
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Unmotivated to be anymore Looking at my life from an objective point of view
2,null,null,right now I have a lot of shit to do .
3,null,null,I have no intentions on doing any of it though .
4,null,null,I have stopped solely telling myself I want to die .
5,null,null,I do not know if I want to die .
6,null,null,I do not know if I want to be alive .
7,null,null,I do not even really care .
8,null,null,I am indifferent to both options .
9,null,null,I feel like the only thing I do care about is what people think of mewhich fuckin sucks not gon na lie .
10,null,null,I take so much offense to someone not liking me in every way , yet
11,null,null,I am too fucking unmotivated and indifferent to make myself better .
12,null,null,It just leads to a cycle of people disliking me&gt;me getting sad as shit and just losing a sense of caring&gt;me being a black hole of negativity which cycles right back to the beginning .
13,null,null,I do not want to die .
14,null,null,I do not want to be alive .
15,null,null,I simply do not want to .
16,null,null,I have absolutely no idea if any of this makes sense at all to anyone , but
17,null,null,fuck it
18,null,null,I am hitting the submit button anyways .
1039 20
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am 22 years old , a proud mom of a beautiful little girl who is almost 2
2,null,null,and she is the only good thing in my life .
3,null,null,We live with my parents and
4,null,null,that just makes me feel like such a failure , that I can not provide for my child .
5,null,null,I love her to death
6,null,null,but she was an accident
7,null,null,and I do wonder what it would be like if I did not have that responsibility
8,null,null,, I always tell myself that I am sure lots of young single moms think that way as long as I am there for her
9,null,null,it is okay .
10,null,null,I have been seeing my neighbor for 8 months
11,null,null,now , he is 9 years older
12,null,null,then me and my daughter has grown attached to him
13,null,null,and I am so in love with him .
14,null,null,But I do not know what to do everything is so messed up with him
15,null,null,and I , it just seems like he stopped caring
16,null,null,and I feel like I am not good enough for him , for anybody .
17,null,null,I do not have anyone I feel like I can talk to
18,null,null,and this is all new to me
19,null,null,so now I feel like I am rambling on about stupid things when there are other people out there with worse problems then me , but
20,null,null,I am just so sad and do not know what to do ..
1040 20
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Ok , sometimes i feel so pathetic because i have these friends who are pretty and could have any guys they want but they do not really care about getting married , and here i am ugly and that is all i can think about .
2,null,null,I do not know why
3,null,null,but i feel like there is some kind of pressure on me to get married .
4,null,null,Because my cousins , who are like my brothers , both left home before they graduated and started dating younger girls
5,null,null,so i feel like I am a failure b / c
6,null,null,i still do not have a boyfriend
7,null,null,and I am almost 16.I
8,null,null,am not sure if they really think that or if i just imagine it but
9,null,null,either way that makes me want to hurt myself
10,null,null,but then I am like
11,null,null,what good would that do me and
12,null,null,if my arms and legs are all messed up then guys will definitely ( spelling )
13,null,null,hate me .
14,null,null,I do not get why i care so much
15,null,null,but i do .
16,null,null,I want to be happy with my life and to be happy with what i got
17,null,null,but i do not know how i always think that if i just forget about not having a guy in my life that i will be happier and maybe even eventually get one
18,null,null,but it does not work
19,null,null,but i do not know what i should do .
20,null,null,So if you have any ideas please tell me .
1041 35
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,My Daughter turned 30 today .
2,null,null,I called and , but
3,null,null,sent her a card
4,null,null,she is not speaking to me .
5,null,null,Reason being ..
6,null,null,I have helped her and her husband financially for approximately 2 years with the child care payment for my lovely grand daughter
7,null,null,( she is 3 years old ) .
8,null,null,I explained to both of them ( daughter and her husband ) , that I would have to quit paying half the payment ( 273.00 per month ) , after I get my 2005 tax return , because I am planning on buying a new car .
9,null,null,I need a smaller car , and
10,null,null,the one I own is from 1995 SUV .
11,null,null,I gave my older car to my nephew in Arizona .
12,null,null,He was driving a 1985 Toyota with no air conditioning .
13,null,null,He is thrilled to recieved my 1995 Passport ( Honda ) , .
14,null,null,that has many miles , but no serious problems
15,null,null,I was babysitting my lovely granddaughter one Saturday night .
16,null,null,When they came home from a party .
17,null,null,My son in law stunk of weed
18,null,null,and he was drunk .
19,null,null,He was hugging his daughter ( my granddaughter ) , while he was stoned and drunk .
20,null,null,I was so disappointed .
21,null,null,I come from the old school that pot is bad .
22,null,null,Being that my daughter was promoted to full time , and
23,null,null,they both received a total of 2,00.00 tax return
24,null,null,, I figure this is a good time to let them know that I will no longer be paying for half their child care .
25,null,null,My daughter blames my decision on the night
26,null,null,her husband was very stoned ..
27,null,null,I tell her that I can not expect " the best " for my granddaughter , when her own father does not care , as much as I do .
28,null,null,Plus , I had forewarned her that I will be buying a car soon .
29,null,null,So .. now I have a new car ..
30,null,null,but no daughter , and
31,null,null,not granddaughter .
32,null,null,None of them are speaking to me .
33,null,null,I miss my daughter so much , and .
34,null,null,my granddaughter even more
35,null,null,please advise .
1042 27
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Medicines can and do stop working .
2,null,null,I am going though this right now .
3,null,null,I suffer from chronic depression .
4,null,null,Had it since I was 5
5,null,null,and I am now 42
6,null,null,so I have been suffering for 37 years .
7,null,null,God , I never realized how long it was !
8,null,null,I sat in therapy for 4 years after my ex attempted to hang himself .
9,null,null,I saved his life by taking him down from the noose with the help of my brother .
10,null,null,The first words out of his mouth when he was out of his coma and the swelling went down was that it was all my fault .
11,null,null,I knew then it was ME who needed the help .
12,null,null,So for 4 years I sat in therapy and
13,null,null,they never diagnosed me with chronic depression .
14,null,null,If they did , they never told me or .
15,null,null,put me on medicines
16,null,null,When I switched therapists , that was when she said that I needed medicines .
17,null,null,They gave me Prozac .
18,null,null,That made a HUGE difference after the first 3 weeks .
19,null,null,I took that for 6 years .
20,null,null,Then I had gastric bypass surgery and
21,null,null,when you have that , your body does not absorb the same
22,null,null,so it stopped working .
23,null,null,I took effexor for a while , .
24,null,null,did nothing , and now on celexa which is doing nothing at all
25,null,null,I am sitting here reading this forum and crying .
26,null,null,So basically , medicines CAN stop working .
27,null,null,Time to go get an adjustment .
1043 10
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I can not do it anymore , i am waiting for the right moment to do it
2,null,null,i know that i will do it
3,null,null,i just need to wait for the precise moment
4,null,null,i think that it will be off in the distance but a part of me welcomes it at any given time the chance to rid myself of this turmoil this pain this disgusted feeling i have inside of myself ..
5,null,null,i actually have began to feel more emotional and
6,null,null,it scares me because i do not want to be like that
7,null,null,but i do not want to be a rock either i remember everything what have a
8,null,null,i become a monster stares into my eyes reminding me that i am not who i think i am that life is not great for me that it does not matter what happens to me because i so will leave and a weight will be lifted from those around me and i am okay
9,null,null,knowing that there will be things that i will never see things i will never know
10,null,null,but i accept it ..
1044 21
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,How can I be happy if I have no friends ?
2,null,null,I am in my first year of uni and
3,null,null,everything has gone to shit .
4,null,null,I have friends , but
5,null,null,they never want to hang out with me .
6,null,null,I ask , and
7,null,null,they just ignore my texts or say they are busy .
8,null,null,I know everyone is really busy in uni , but
9,null,null,I take this so personally .
10,null,null,I feel like no one ever wants to be around me .
11,null,null,I try so hard to be nice to everyone and
12,null,null,it seems like they only return the favor when it benefits them .
13,null,null,I try to be my own friend and but
14,null,null,spend time with myself
15,null,null,eventually it just makes me even more sad .
16,null,null,I do not understand why I do not have friends .
17,null,null,I have joined clubs and
18,null,null,put myself out there
19,null,null,and it just does not come together .
20,null,null,How do I not let this bother me ?
21,null,null,How can I keep from being lonely when I am so , so alone ?
1045 28
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Doing things that I like reminds me why I do not enjoy doing them anymore .
2,null,null,Playing your favorite game ?
3,null,null,You should not .
4,null,null,Remember the time you shut yourself in just to play it endlessly ?
5,null,null,When nothing else mattered but ?
6,null,null,your game
7,null,null,Finished reading a cool book ?
8,null,null,Are you going to pick up another one and get sucked in again ?
9,null,null,Do not forget your friends .
10,null,null,Why would you hang out with your friends when they are tired of your negative attitude ?
11,null,null,Faking a positive attitude is worse .
12,null,null,If you are going to be yourself just stay home .
13,null,null,Oh you got selected for a great job opportunity ?
14,null,null,Wait until they realize you are garbage at your job .
15,null,null,You have time to relax now ?
16,null,null,Think again .
17,null,null,There is always someone needing something or things that need to be done .
18,null,null,Trying to treat yourself ?
19,null,null,Wait until you see the consequences from buying too many things or eating too much or wasting time .
20,null,null,You are actually being responsible and starting work early ?
21,null,null,Wait until you feel like nothing is worth it anymore .
22,null,null,Why does it matter to do things you like if you are just going to feel bad anyways ?
23,null,null,I have been conditioned to believe these things since I started college
24,null,null,and I feel stuck .
25,null,null,I am trying to deny that I believe in these things , but
26,null,null,the thoughts keep coming back .
27,null,null,I know that I should take care of myself , but
28,null,null,I am so tired of living that I am hesitant to do anything for myself .
1046 8
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I almost cried in front of people
2,null,null,I know
3,null,null,It was all relatives , they were all chatting and playing , and
4,null,null,I sat alone because I felt unwanted and not belonging .
5,null,null,Then a wave of darkness hit me , and
6,null,null,my eyes got wet and red , right there in the open , and some of them noticed ..
7,null,null,And that is it
8,null,null,, no one tried to talk to my or anything after it .
1047 26
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Told my mother I tried to kill myself , she admitted she also tried when i was a baby .
2,null,null,I have been struggling with this sickness for a while , it cost me my job , and , but
3,null,null,a few friends
4,null,null,only now i can publicly say that i tried to kill myself on the 19th of February .
5,null,null,I tried to hang myself with a belt , fortunatelly i bought a really shitty one at primark and .
6,null,null,the only thing it did was leave me on the floor gasping desperatelly for air , filled with a sense of failure and a huge shame
7,null,null,I have always been an outgoing , funny , talkative and very active guy and
8,null,null,i just felt as is i runned out of batery like something was leaving me without lifeforce .
9,null,null,After some therapy i decided to tell my mother about this .
10,null,null,I went for a visit to my parents house and .
11,null,null,waited until we were alone to tell her basically what i have been writing above
12,null,null,Also told her that the biggest fear i had before doing it was that if i died my mother would also died just out of pure sadness .
13,null,null,After we both cried for a while she dropped the bomb .
14,null,null,She had been struggling with depression all her life without me or my sister knowing about it
15,null,null,and it came a point where she even tried of doing the same .
16,null,null,The thing that stopped her was their children and what we would do with 12 and 8 years alone .
17,null,null,She also told me that my grandfather did not die of cancer , apparently he was an alcoholic , and .
18,null,null,when we where kids he threw himself at the well they had on the backyard
19,null,null,All this just made me realize that people do not kill themselves , depression kills people the same way cancer does .
20,null,null,People who have not struggled with this can not even imagine what is living with depression and often blame a person who is basically ill .
21,null,null,My mother also gave me the best advice i have ever recieved .
22,null,null,She told me that I was not on this earth just to find a job and live the best way i could just by buying things , that it did not matter if i did not find a huge reason to live ; just by being there i was already the reason for my mother and many others to live and be happy , the same way she was for me .
23,null,null,That even just by smiling at the guy at the supermarket
24,null,null,i was already making him a bit happier even though it would only be a few seconds , and
25,null,null,that should be enough .
26,null,null,Thanks for listening guys
1048 9
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Friends I m in year 10
2,null,null,and i already feel like a failure .
3,null,null,My friends never invite me out with them and
4,null,null,recently i ve felt like i ve not even been wanted to hang out with them at break time and lunchtime .
5,null,null,all they do is take the piss out of me and no one else .
6,null,null,I have one good friend and
7,null,null,who i trust
8,null,null,but that s it .
9,null,null,I just want someone i can talk to who understands
1049 15
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I have never felt more alone in my life
2,null,null,and I do not know what to do about it .
3,null,null,I recently graduated high school with a decent amount of friends but .
4,null,null,have only really kept in touch with about 3 of them
5,null,null,I am going to a college two hours away
6,null,null,so the likelihood that I will be able to even see those 3 people is kind of dwindling once I move .
7,null,null,I used to deal with loneliness through friends on PlayStation but
8,null,null,even those relationships feel like they are getting distant .
9,null,null,I recently started talking to my former best friend from PS4 whom I have known for about 7 years
10,null,null,but ever since he started seeing someone it feels like he is gotten meaner to me and does not care to be there for me in the same way anymore .
11,null,null,I am not sure if I am depressed
12,null,null,but I have never felt more alone or lost or confused in my life .
13,null,null,I have managed to convince myself that I have no redeeming qualities and that my friends are only pretending to like me because they feel bad or somehow feel obligated to maintain a facade of friendship .
14,null,null,I just want to feel important to someone .
15,null,null,Or at least okay enough with myself that I do not need the validation of a relationship to feel valuable .
1050 16
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Why am I like this ?
2,null,null,Every time I try to step out of my comfort zone and try to be more outgoing/"normal " so people will think a little better of me perhaps , I just completely fuck everything up .
3,null,null,I do not even feel like leaving my bed anymore .
4,null,null,Why I am posting this right niw
5,null,null,: I somehow convinced a girl that I am not a complete idiot , and
6,null,null,we are together .
7,null,null,Since she is ill , I thought I would swing by and give her a little
8,null,null," get well soon " kit with soup , tea , chocolate , that kinda stuff .
9,null,null,All that came back was a half assed thank you , no comment on anything in the damn thing I have planned for a week now .
10,null,null,I did not expect much reaction , since she does not seem to like spending time with me anyways , but
11,null,null,a little more would have been nice .
12,null,null,I guess I am just bad at everything I touch .
13,null,null,And since I do not have any friends to talk to , I have to bother you nice people with this .
14,null,null,Sorry you had to read this far
15,null,null,, just continue scrolling now .
16,null,null,Needed to get it off my chest
1051 10
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Recently single due to my depression and i do not know how to feel .
2,null,null,I have had depression a majority of my life , it comes and , but
3,null,null,goes a lot
4,null,null,as of recently it is really hit hard .
5,null,null,I have lost all motivation to finish college and live life outside of my house .
6,null,null,I was dating somebody for a year and half , until my depression started to affect our relationship , she could not handle the pressure of it all .
7,null,null,It is been three weeks since the break up and
8,null,null,my emotions are all out of wack .
9,null,null,One minute I am crying for my ex and the next I am spacing out , looking at the ceiling .
10,null,null,I honestly do not know how to feel and how to cope .
1052 32
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I can not do this anymore .
2,null,null,I can not keep telling myself I am happy .
3,null,null,I can not keep ignoring the pain !
4,null,null,The constant pain ..
5,null,null,it will not go away ..
6,null,null,always there , a sharp knife in my heart .
7,null,null,Day in and day out
8,null,null,it hurts , whether I am happy or not , it hurts .
9,null,null,I can not do this anymore .
10,null,null,All I want is for the pain to end ..
11,null,null,just end !
12,null,null,I have nothing .
13,null,null,Not a friend in the entire world who cares .
14,null,null,Do you know what it is like to have no friends ?
15,null,null,Not one at all who can be there for me .
16,null,null,I have got nothing to stand on anymore , nothing to cling to .
17,null,null,I have got no reason to live left in me .
18,null,null,I do not even have religion anymore .
19,null,null,Christian , Buddhist ..
20,null,null,I am not either , I am nothing ..
21,null,null,I have no faith in afterlife
22,null,null,, I just want to die .
23,null,null,I can not keep living like this .. I can not keep living .
24,null,null,I am nothing ..
25,null,null,I have lost all hope
26,null,null,, I have nothing but despair ..
27,null,null,nothing but constant pain , constant fear , constant hurt .
28,null,null,I can not go on like this
29,null,null,, even physical pain is better than this .
30,null,null,How does one who is so fully dead inside .. still be too afraid to die .. yet .
31,null,null,want death to come so badly
32,null,null,Who does not care whether he goes to Heaven or Hell or nowhere at all .
1053 14
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am afraid to be in a relationship I say this because every guy who has asked me out .
2,null,null,I just say no .
3,null,null,I just panic and
4,null,null,say
5,null,null,no
6,null,null,but I become friends with them .
7,null,null,Then when our friendship ends because I ruined it .
8,null,null,I feel so alone and depressed for days .
9,null,null,Just from me writing this .
10,null,null,It shows I am not fit to be in a relationship with anyone or my depression will make me feel like I am in so much pain .
11,null,null,Then I also hate being alone
12,null,null,like it would just be nice for one day to be hugged all day by a guy .
13,null,null,I would feel more relaxed and .
14,null,null,just forget about so many things
1054 15
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,How do you get up and out of bed in the morning ?
2,null,null,I am sorry if this is the wrong subreddit
3,null,null,but I do not really know where to post for motivational tips or tricks .
4,null,null,I have done everything suggested on Google searches like putting your alarm clock across the room , setting daily goals , and trying to get myself excited for the next day
5,null,null,but I would gladly just lay in bed all day .
6,null,null,I am a college student majoring in Finance .
7,null,null,I am not the best student
8,null,null,but honestly I only care about getting my degree .
9,null,null,GPA means nothing more than having the requirements to walk across the stage .
10,null,null,I am doing an internship and but
11,null,null,doing 6 hours of college classes over the summer
12,null,null,both can be done from home and the internship is really better suited for self - starters .
13,null,null,Once I am out of bed , I am good for the most part .
14,null,null,It is just getting out of bed that is my biggest problem .
15,null,null,Any help would be very great .
1055 43
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am new here , and
2,null,null,I ought for help .
3,null,null,For the past month I have had a crush on this girl ..
4,null,null,but not a normal crush ..
5,null,null,a real CRUSH CRUSH , the type of crush you really feel you need her since the first time you see her .
6,null,null,She is my friend as of right now , I want to ask her out ..
7,null,null,but I am afraid she rejects me , and
8,null,null,she would not be my friend anymore .
9,null,null,I have been with depression for the past 4 days already , I even had suicidal thoughts .
10,null,null,Last night I was looking for a HotLine to call and tell my story
11,null,null,, I felt like I needed to talk to somebody .
12,null,null,I have friends , but
13,null,null,not those type of friends you can rely that on , tell your story , and cry on their shoulders .
14,null,null,Basically , i am by myself in this world .
15,null,null,I love my parents , but
16,null,null,I never tried talking about it because I just can not .
17,null,null,They would not understand , they ask too many questions ..
18,null,null,we even had a minor discussion about me telling my mom NOT to throw the water bottle
19,null,null,( I told her 5 times not to throw it ) , and ..
20,null,null,guess what she did
21,null,null,she threw the water bottle .. and she told " rrAhh , you should have told me " ..
22,null,null,Bad communication indeed , she needs to pay more attention to what I say .
23,null,null,I have not eaten for a day because the depression has gotten worse ..
24,null,null,last night a good " cyber - friend " logged on , and
25,null,null,I knew I could talk to that person ..
26,null,null,she is not kid , she is a grown woman ( 40 years old ) , she has kids , so
27,null,null,I knew she would understand perfectly .
28,null,null,She talked me into not thinking about suiciding because of that .
29,null,null,Last night was the day that I cried the most , in my entire life .
30,null,null,I am still depressed , a little bit relieved because I actually talked to someone and let all that out .
31,null,null,I just need advices , I have been thinking of that girl ALL the time ..
32,null,null,I wrote her letters as a " secret admirer " ,
33,null,null,the ending of the letter was always the same : " To the world you might be one person , but to one person you might be the world .
34,null,null," I was also thinking that I was going to ask her out ..
35,null,null,but like I said above , I am afraid she might reject me
36,null,null,and I fall into a deeper depression .
37,null,null,Please help , what should I do ?
38,null,null,I am 16 , and
39,null,null,I live in Miami .
40,null,null,Thank you if you have read my story .
41,null,null,EDIT :
42,null,null,I have lost my self - respect , and .
43,null,null,lowered my self - esteem , and feel like if I am a nobody
1056 12
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Not fearing any consequences for our actions ?
2,null,null," Not fearing any consequences or not fearing anything " is one of the feelings I have observed in myself .
3,null,null,I am not able to study well , yet
4,null,null,when test comes , I have no fear of the consequences of the failing tests , even though I am certainly failing it .
5,null,null,Same with my other habits , I eat like once in a day , which is an obligation I have put on myself to do at least once .
6,null,null,Even then its very less than what any normal person of my age eats .
7,null,null,I barely get 4 - 6 hours of sleep due to my schedule and .
8,null,null,not able to sleep quickly at night
9,null,null,I know its not healthy , but
10,null,null,are not we supposed to do these things by fearing what will happen to ourselves ?
11,null,null,I think I have lost the fear of consequences of my actions .
12,null,null,Does anyone have this kind of experience ?
1057 36
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Hello everyone , I am new here .
2,null,null,I am Sarah and .
3,null,null,in my early thirties
4,null,null,I live in Europe and !
5,null,null,found this forum today
6,null,null,I just want to share my thoughts and .
7,null,null,because I was afraid anyone would find out about my feelings I searched for a foreign forum
8,null,null,And found it !
9,null,null,I have been struggling all my life but
10,null,null,after a series of events ( death of dear aunt and suicide attempt off parent )
11,null,null,I found myself starting therapy almost 2 years ago .
12,null,null,At first everything was fine and
13,null,null,I was learning a lot about myself and how to make my life easier and how to love myself .
14,null,null,i really was hopeful and
15,null,null,thought my life would finally get happier
16,null,null,and maybe I would even meet some one to share my life with ..
17,null,null,After a year of therapy I started feeling worse about myself and developed an eating disorder and
18,null,null,a few months ago I also started feeling more and more depressed .
19,null,null,At first I denied everything and ..
20,null,null,even threatened to quit therapy because I was convinced time would heal me
21,null,null,well I now know that healing is not that easy .
22,null,null,over the past two weeks I have been to a psychiatrist who wants to start me on Prozac (
23,null,null,because it should not make me gain weight , she thinks this would be the best ad .
24,null,null,for me ) and earlier this week i went to see my usual psychotherapist who said I was severely depressed and
25,null,null,she urged me to start taking the medication because of my state of mind .
26,null,null,I might loose my job in the near future and with all this extra stress
27,null,null,my thoughts have been very scary .
28,null,null,I am starting to think more and more about death and for this reason my therapist started talking about hospitalization !
29,null,null,Off course I do not want that
30,null,null,so I agreed earlier today to start with the medication ..
31,null,null,I am so scared about the side effects and .
32,null,null,do not know what i will do if I gain weight
33,null,null,Also I do not think I want to life if I loose my job ..
34,null,null,I think that will push me over the edge .
35,null,null,I hope I can find the energy to read more messages on this board and maybe get a good feeling about life again .
36,null,null,Bye for now , Sarah
1058 41
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Hi all .. this is going to be a long post , but
2,null,null,I would really like some feedback on it ..
3,null,null,I am kind of young , 17 .
4,null,null,I am currently involved in a relationship ( long distance ) with a boy who is a year older than me , and
5,null,null,I love him more than words can say .
6,null,null,The thing is , though , I am a very depressed person sometimes .
7,null,null,I do not know if I am making this up or
8,null,null,if I actually read this somewhere , but
9,null,null,I am what I have heard classified as a " seasonally " depressed person : I experience depression more during the winter months ( December through February ) than I do any other time of the year .
10,null,null,I have a lot of family problems that compound to my depression as well .
11,null,null,When I was 13 , I moved halfway across the country
12,null,null,and I never accepted living here .
13,null,null,I am a city - girl , but
14,null,null,I moved to the country .
15,null,null,I feel isolated and alone out here , and
16,null,null,I do not have anyone to talk to .
17,null,null,My mother told me to " buck up " and " get over it " when I went to her about my depression a couple of years ago .
18,null,null,She is currently on medication for her own depression .
19,null,null,My father has a crippled arm ( which he gained when we moved here ) and has some addiction problems , so I do not go to him .
20,null,null,I have a very hard time trusting people .
21,null,null,My mother and father were both abused as children , and
22,null,null,my mother verbally abuses me .
23,null,null,Recently , starting in about December , I started wanting to hurt myself physically again .
24,null,null,The urge faded , but
25,null,null,the depression lingered .
26,null,null,For a while I have been emulating my mother on my boyfriend -- I keep taking out my own anger and my own depression on him .
27,null,null,I am afraid that if I keep up with this behavior , I am going to lose my boyfriend to my own selfishness .
28,null,null,A lot of the time I wish I could disappear .
29,null,null,I do not like being seen by people and
30,null,null,I like to be alone , but at the same time I feel isolated in my soul .
31,null,null,I tried religion , but
32,null,null,I can not bring myself to place my faith in something I can not see .
33,null,null,I am really afraid that my depression is going to cause me to lose the one thing I even care about at all anymore in the world .
34,null,null,I do not know what to do .
35,null,null,My parents will not help me , my teachers do not know how to deal with it , and
36,null,null,I have been to depression forums like this before and they really helped .
37,null,null,I guess all I am looking for is someone to lean on while I get through the winter months .
38,null,null,If anyone has any suggestions for a homebody ( my parents do not allow me to leave the house after school is over ) , please let me know .
39,null,null,Also keep in mind that I can not call people very easily with eavesdropping people in my house .
40,null,null,Thanks .
41,null,null,Sarina
1059 10
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Closer to suicide than I have ever been before I planned on doing it yesterday after school , but
2,null,null,I could not because people were home .
3,null,null,I feel like I would have had they not been there .
4,null,null,I decided to take the day off today just to chill out .
5,null,null,I do not think I will have much longer .
6,null,null,Even this community sucks .
7,null,null,The most up - voted posts are always the most shallow ones like , ' Does anyone else sleep a lot ? '
8,null,null,Or something along those lines , and
9,null,null,the people who actually need help never get it .
10,null,null,Fuck life
1060 15
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,no motivation , no drive
2,null,null,I am l
3,null,null,o s
4,null,null,t
5,null,null,I have looked into everything .
6,null,null,Tried antidepressants .
7,null,null,Looked into having ADHD .
8,null,null,Got my thyroid and vitamin levels checked .
9,null,null,Nothing is wrong ..
10,null,null,but I have no drive or motivation .
11,null,null,I sleep like 10 - 12 hours a day .
12,null,null,I can not bring myself to study or do work or care about anything .
13,null,null,The occasional anxiety gives me energy , but
14,null,null,the energy goes to contemplating suicide and wishing to opt put of life .
15,null,null,I do not know what to do .
1061 17
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,i think i need help in my life this my first year in collge and its been almost 4 months
2,null,null,and i have not made anyfriends
3,null,null,no one even likes me there
4,null,null,and tbh
5,null,null,i do nt even like myself
6,null,null,i wish i was dead or just die now in car accident one week from now ill
7,null,null,be doing my first exam in college which 99 %
8,null,null,i m going to fail idk
9,null,null,wtf
10,null,null,i
11,null,null,m doing in my life
12,null,null,everything seems to be going good till i fuck it up for some bs
13,null,null,i seriously think i should die its been an aweseome ride in this fucked up world
14,null,null,but i think my time is up wishing u all the very best in ur life and achieveing ur dreams and please do nt be a loser like me
15,null,null,do nt u dare to give up on ur dreams
16,null,null,i m pretty sure u will make it kiddos
17,null,null,i just ca nt take it anymore no one like me at all bye cruel world
1062 10
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am going to stop eating .
2,null,null,I have been trying to fill the void by eating junk food .
3,null,null,Long ago when I was healthy my family knew me for my big appetite .
4,null,null,My family does not listen to me .
5,null,null,Maybe they will finally notice and .
6,null,null,finally try for me when I have stopped eating all together
7,null,null,Maybe I will lose weight too
8,null,null,, I do not care if it is just water weight .
9,null,null,I drink a ton of water anyway .
10,null,null,I just do not care .
1063 12
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I give up trying ,
2,null,null,eat healthy , exercises blah fucking blah
3,null,null,what is the point when I still fucking wake up wanting to die and cry myself to sleep every night ?
4,null,null,Just lost all hope , I think some people are made for this life and others are just not and .
5,null,null,I am one of those people
6,null,null,When will the day come I do not imagine suicide or my own funeral ?
7,null,null,It is been non stop hell for 5 years
8,null,null,and I do not see it ever getting better .
9,null,null,I hope for the rest of you
10,null,null,it does I really do but
11,null,null,for me
12,null,null,I have just given up I have ran out of hope .
1064 8
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Anyone wanna just distract each other from depression for a few minutes with a good convo ?
2,null,null,I am 20f .
3,null,null,I am so bored .
4,null,null,I have absolutely nothing to do .
5,null,null,I have been so depressed lately that I have pushed everyone away .
6,null,null,Everyone is asleep right now anyways
7,null,null,and I will probably be up all night again ..
8,null,null,so , if anyone wants to talk all night , I am perfectly fine with that !
1065 8
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Two things kept me alive today .
2,null,null,Firstly , I have not yet hiked across Iceland
3,null,null,Secondly , if I were to be gone , who would feed my fish ?
4,null,null,Nobody would , they are like dollar fish .
5,null,null,They would die and .
6,null,null,then thirteen other lives would be on me
7,null,null,So here I am .
8,null,null,I do not know if it is sad that literally those two things are about all that keep me here or good that I can still find humor in all this .
1066 16
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Why ?
2,null,null,Why do I feel this way ?
3,null,null,Why am I always tired all the time ?
4,null,null,Why can not I get out of bed in the morning , take a shower , and ?
5,null,null,be productive
6,null,null,I want to do so much
7,null,null,but I just do not seem to care , or .
8,null,null,have the motivation anymore
9,null,null,A year has passed and everything is the same , I am living the same day over and over again
10,null,null,and I do not know how much longer it will last .
11,null,null,Why am I always in my own head ?
12,null,null,I am always thinking about the past , just wishing I have done things differently or even did things at all .
13,null,null,If only I made other decisions in life maybe I would not be where I am now , tired and alone .
14,null,null,Why am I like this ?
15,null,null,Why was I put into this life of emptiness and failure ?
16,null,null,I just want it to stop , but at the same time this is all I know , and I just have to except it I guess .
1067 20
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,This is just the tip of an iceberg .
2,null,null,One of my best mates has just gone to prison and
3,null,null,he has a girlfriend , last night in the pub
4,null,null,a good friend of ours was chatting her up and
5,null,null,trying to kiss her
6,null,null,so i said to him what are you playing at fellow your best mates inside and your doing this !
7,null,null,he did not even care !
8,null,null,so i stormed out of the pub wanting to kick his head in .
9,null,null,should i have stuck my nose in or
10,null,null,should i have turned a blind eye ?
11,null,null,i think i did the right thing .
12,null,null,We are a good bunch of lads who have been threw thick and thin together .
13,null,null,But just lately all of us have been out of order to each other
14,null,null,so are we really mates ?
15,null,null,what are mates ?
16,null,null,we are all stabbing each other in the back and
17,null,null,its getting me down
18,null,null,I think its because we are always drunk half of the time what do u guys think ?
19,null,null,is it all part of getting older ?
20,null,null,we are all in our early 20s now .
1068 10
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Hello from Scotland I just wanted to say hello really .
2,null,null,My mood has just been dipping continuously the past few weeks .
3,null,null,I feel so sad and lonely .
4,null,null,I guess I am just reaching out to anyone else in a similar position .
5,null,null,*
6,null,null,*
7,null,null,It is ok not to be ok .
8,null,null,*
9,null,null,*
10,null,null,I hope you are all having a lovely day / evening wherever you are x
1069 16
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I feel like a prisoner I absolutely hate life .
2,null,null,I hate it .
3,null,null,I hate the world .
4,null,null,I do not want to live .
5,null,null,But if I kill myself , I can not imagine what I would put my family through .
6,null,null,The sole reason I live is to not hurt my family .
7,null,null,On the other hand , I can not stand life .
8,null,null,My mind ..
9,null,null,it is like I am terrified of living .
10,null,null,There is this dread I constantly feel from living .
11,null,null,I know for sure I will not be able to endure this for a full lifetime .
12,null,null,Even a year seems too long .
13,null,null,I do not know what to do .
14,null,null,I am trapped in my mind .
15,null,null,The only way out would destroy my family , but
16,null,null,I can not even stand the thought of hurting my family .
1070 10
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,can I be fired for going to the hospital again ?
2,null,null,I missed 2 months of work and .
3,null,null,went in FMLA last year for inpatient and then out patient
4,null,null,I am getting worried that I will try to kill myself soon and think maybe I should go inpatient to get a few days away from everything
5,null,null,and maybe then I will not be as much if a danger to myself and can think more clearly .
6,null,null,I am really worried that if I leave work for a week or two again that I will be fired .
7,null,null,idk what to do .
8,null,null,I guess if I do not go
9,null,null,I might kill myself
10,null,null,then I will not have to worry about work idk
1071 44
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,This message is especially for newcomers desperately seeking a way out of the depression rut .
2,null,null,Please read my words carefully as a lot of thought and devotion went into this
3,null,null,: A year ago , I was stuck in the miserable rut of depression with little or no hope of finding a way out .
4,null,null,I was attending mandatory group therapy after an attempted suicide and 72 miserable hours in the nut house .
5,null,null,They put me on Remeron which helped a little .. taking some of the edge off the suicidal thoughts , but little else .
6,null,null,Weeks of trying to learn cognitive behavior therapy went by and .
7,null,null,hopes of getting better
8,null,null,were dwindling
9,null,null,Then one day , my best friend gave me a book which taught me how to properly apply the CBT .
10,null,null,Many of you have tried CBT to no avail .
11,null,null,I sincerely believe that you did not do it either properly , hard enough , and / or long enough .
12,null,null,When retraining the mind , it is vitally important to diligently apply CBT daily for several weeks .
13,null,null,( See my webpage for more info : Antidepressant That Works ) .
14,null,null,Once this becomes a regular habit , I am confident you will see improvement as I did .
15,null,null,I am positive you can do it too .
16,null,null,It was the toughest job I have ever had to do , but
17,null,null,it sure was worth it .
18,null,null,Whenever a negative situation presents itself now , I just block it out and .
19,null,null,replace it with a positive thought automatically
20,null,null,It is hard in the beginning , but
21,null,null,it is totally do - able .
22,null,null,Plus , it gets easier after awhile .
23,null,null,Then , once it becomes automatic , you do not even have to think about it .
24,null,null,Properly applied CBT helps tremendously , but
25,null,null,it is not a complete cure as you will see in my story .
26,null,null,You must also take care of your body because it is what furnishes your brain with the proper nutrients .
27,null,null,The two go hand in hand .
28,null,null,The brain regulates the endocrine system and the neurotransmitters while the body provides the brain with the proper chemicals to do its job .
29,null,null,Leisure activities help also .
30,null,null,I know it is difficult for some of you to have fun , but
31,null,null,it is important to get your mind off your problems even if just for a little while .
32,null,null,I mention motivation in my story .
33,null,null,Sometimes you just have to force yourself to do what is good for you even if you do not want to .
34,null,null,Contrary to what many believe , motivation begins with action ..
35,null,null,not visa - versa .
36,null,null,The sooner you begin to properly apply the techniques I learned and the more effort you put in to them , the sooner you will get better .
37,null,null,Hopelessness and doubt will be your enemy , .
38,null,null,so try to put them aside for a month as you get on the road to wellness
39,null,null,I have been off antidepressants for almost a year now .
40,null,null,I feel great ..
41,null,null,plus my concentration and comprehension are back .
42,null,null,March 5 marked my one year anniversary without alcohol too .
43,null,null,I am basically drug free and .
44,null,null,am as happy as I was 5 years ago before the depression nearly ruined my life
1072 9
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,softly rejected Heyo .
2,null,null,I have been struggling with loneliness for awhile now .
3,null,null,When I went to college , I met this guy and
4,null,null,we have been talking for about awhile now .
5,null,null,We hooked up last weekend and
6,null,null,I decided to ask him if he wanted anything more .
7,null,null,Basically , he said he was too busy for one and that he would let me know when he wanted one .
8,null,null,Honestly , this is so much worse than a rejection .
9,null,null,I just feel used
1073 38
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,is anyone out there .. 22 year old black male .
2,null,null,NY .
3,null,null,around so many people
4,null,null,i feel like a lost soul .
5,null,null,& amp ; it do not seem like anyone understands me .
6,null,null,so i still feel ..
7,null,null,different ..
8,null,null,i started typing about my childhood
9,null,null,but that is a story in itself
10,null,null,so i will keep it to my more recent years .
11,null,null,suicide ..
12,null,null,it is growing on me everyday .
13,null,null,just for the simple fact that i think myself into this mood where i think everyone is life would be easier without me around .
14,null,null,not to toot my own horn
15,null,null,but i am pretty popular ,
16,null,null,so i know people would be affected by it for a couple days but who really CARES enough to actually help my mind get to a better place ?
17,null,null,i have seen it happen plenty of times in this place i call home .
18,null,null,i have had the same friends for 10 + years , very authentic friends
19,null,null,but i feel we are outgrowing each other ..
20,null,null,youngest kid to a very loving hard working single mother of 3
21,null,null,but i always felt like the odd child .. & amp ; currently in a 2 year relationship with a girl anyone would want ..
22,null,null,( i recently started blaming her for cheating from thinking too much ) but
23,null,null,yet , i do not feel not even half complete .
24,null,null,i shut down & amp ; do not talk to those who mean most to me to the point where they think i have a problem with them .. & amp ; i do not know how to control it .
25,null,null,i was never able to talk to a counselor or mentor
26,null,null,cause i never felt real love from them .
27,null,null,but sometimes i think i just need a open ear i can vent to without everyone else knowing about it .
28,null,null,that seems to never happen though .
29,null,null,not to sound like a hippy , loll
30,null,null,but i live my life off of vibes ,
31,null,null,if you know what i mean .. & amp ; as of late i do not even know what a vibe is .
32,null,null,i just want to be left alone to think .
33,null,null,recently deleted all social media accounts , just isolating myself from my surroundings ..
34,null,null,i feel like everything is coming to an end soon .
35,null,null,idk .
36,null,null,i just need that push .
37,null,null,i do not want to be a waste of life when it is all said & amp
38,null,null,; done .
1074 20
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,When did you decide to get help ?
2,null,null,What was the tipping point ?
3,null,null,I am been having thoughts and feelings lately and
4,null,null,I want to compare them to when other people decided to take the plunge .
5,null,null,There are days when I am happy but
6,null,null,most nights and some days are not as good .
7,null,null,Recently I have been struggling and
8,null,null,I try to remind myself that it is not so bad
9,null,null,and I could have it worse etc .
10,null,null,But anyway .
11,null,null,I do not want to go into a lot of detail or get really personal but for context I am a college senior .
12,null,null,I went to a psychiatrist when I was young ( like 7 or 8)
13,null,null,and I took medicine for depression
14,null,null,but they made me aggressive according to my mom
15,null,null,so I did not take them long .
16,null,null,I have not seen anyone , including a school counselor , since then .
17,null,null,However in late high school / early college
18,null,null,I struggled with self harm .
19,null,null,These days I just feel so tired and empty
20,null,null,and I just want to sleep .
1075 39
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I need to get this out .
2,null,null,Feel free to ignore it.(Potential Triggers : Domestic and parental abuse , self harm , bullying , substance abuse etc .
3,null,null,Avoiding detail AMAP )
4,null,null,I am so sick of trying to just survive each day .
5,null,null,I want more than anything to go out and live my life .
6,null,null,I want a job , an apartment , a pet ..
7,null,null,but instead I am stuck living with my grandparents because I am at the point where my agoraphobia is so bad I can BARELY leave my bed .
8,null,null,I do not think I have felt happy for more than 10 minutes at any given time in the last 6 months .
9,null,null,I applied to try to get a tattoo to cover some scars I have from when I got really bad , but
10,null,null,they never contacted me again ..
11,null,null,so that reminder is always there making me feel sick and myself and taunting me to do it again just to numb the crap in my head .
12,null,null,I am trying to be a partner to this amazing guy
13,null,null,I care a ton about , but
14,null,null,I feel so emotionally shut down that I do not even react to jokes or love anymore .
15,null,null,I do not even like when he cuddles me because his breath on my neck is a trigger ..
16,null,null,Now , I do not have it as bad as a lot of other people .
17,null,null,I grew up in a family with a loving ( OCD ) grandmother , a grandfather , and a ( drug addict )
18,null,null,mother who all always made sure I had food and a place to sleep .
19,null,null,That alone is more than a lot of people get ..
20,null,null,but every time I try to talk to someone and they do not respond to me I flip out at them because my mom did not want me to interrupt her high .
21,null,null,When something goes SLIGHTLY wrong or .
22,null,null,is a SMIDGE out of place I panic because that is all I had around me
23,null,null,When someone on the street spits I flinch because my ex is favourite way to degrade me
24,null,null,was to spit in my face while mocking me .
25,null,null,When I go downtown
26,null,null,I get anxious because that is where I was publicly beating by a ( different yet no les charming ) ex .
27,null,null,I avoid drinking now because I do not want to fall into drinking to feel happy again
28,null,null,and I definitely do not want to add to my scars ..
29,null,null,but this is all I have known my whole life .
30,null,null,Every time I try to take a step forward , improve myself , or even leave the house to do something I once enjoyed , it feels like the weight of every circumstance and bad decision in my life is right there to push me further into the dirt .
31,null,null,The only ways I know how to make money are not things I want to do ..
32,null,null,the only people in my life I want to be around I can not stand to be near ..
33,null,null,I feel like I have nothing left to hold onto
34,null,null,and I am drowning !
35,null,null,I would check into the hospital just to get away , but
36,null,null,unless I were to actually make an attempt on my life they would not accept me ( but at least we have free healthcare
37,null,null,right ? )
38,null,null,..
39,null,null,I just need a day of normal ..
1076 38
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am new here .
2,null,null,I am from Australia , I am 27 years old next month , married with a 2.5 year - old daughter and a baby son on the way .
3,null,null,I work in Insolvency ( liquidations etc ) .
4,null,null,I have been on antidepressant medication on and off for about 4 years now ( initially Aropax , now Aurorix )
5,null,null,, in hindsight I have actually suffered from depression for my entire life .
6,null,null,I am a similar personality to my mother who also suffers from depression .
7,null,null,My younger brother and sister seem to have drawn the long straw as such , they seem not to be affected .
8,null,null,Things went downhill for me about the time I started on medication .
9,null,null,I was in the early stages of a major gambling problem , and
10,null,null,untreated depression had led to a real strain on my marriage .
11,null,null,We split up for 3 months ( during which time I made 2 lame suicide attempts )
12,null,null,, reunited and seemed to get back on track , having our first child .
13,null,null,Throughout this time the gambling problem intensified , and .
14,null,null,spiraled out of control to the point where I am now a bankrupt
15,null,null,During this time I also became extremely withdrawn to the point where I hate leaving our house and am more or less unable to cope with spending time with anyone except my wife and daughter .
16,null,null,I also had something of a breakdown about 9 months ago , quit my job , which led to great tension between me and my wife ( spending 24 / 7 together ) , eventually she could not cope and .
17,null,null,moved out
18,null,null,Shortly after we worked it out
19,null,null,and I moved in with her .
20,null,null,Things seem pretty good now , we are a lot more relaxed about things
21,null,null,and we just seem to get along better , looking forward very much to the birth of our second , in about 6 weeks time .
22,null,null,My gambling problem is pretty much dealt with ( thanks chiefly to having little money and no access to it now ) but
23,null,null,I am still depressed , withdrawn and generally tired of life .
24,null,null,To be honest , I am only around because of my wife and daughter , I feel little reason to exist other than for them .
25,null,null,I am also a christian and this is very hard , because there is a real burden of " I should not feel this way , I should be happy " .
26,null,null,This leads to more depression , and at the moment I am reluctant to go to church , I do not pray or .
27,null,null,read the bible
28,null,null,I am generally resentful of anyone who I consider to have a better existence than me ( which is just about everyone ) .
29,null,null,So while things are quite stable at home , I personally am at my lowest point in some respects .
30,null,null,I am quite intelligent and every employer I have ever had has commented on my abundance of potential but lack of drive .
31,null,null,So true , I lack any kind of ambition ( and .
32,null,null,harbor something of an extreme opposition to materialism and the pursuit of money and possessions ) and even now am tossing up whether to continue working
33,null,null,I have a chief interest ( i.e. motorsport ) , but
34,null,null,other interests have been decimated e.g. I used to be quite a good pianist but now have absolutely no desire to play .
35,null,null,I also can not get the motivation up to get involved in playing sport , which in the past has been a big part of my life .
36,null,null,So that is me in a nutshell .
37,null,null,My extreme difficulty in taking on face to face help
38,null,null,/ relationships has driven me to get involved in some online depression forums as I think this may be a good way for me to start some kind of recovery .
1077 25
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Things that I liked about today
2,null,null,so far
3,null,null,*
4,null,null,*
5,null,null,Maybe the only way to escape depression is gratitude .
6,null,null,Cicero , one of the senators of Rome in the early days of the empire is quoted to have said " Gratitude is not only the greatest of virtues , but the parent of all the others .
7,null,null," I liked waking up early and going to the gym on an intense pre workout .
8,null,null,I like stepping outside in the cold to smoke and feel the warmth when I re - enter the building .
9,null,null,I like seeing the trees trying to survive the winter , how splendorous they are .
10,null,null,In them I see people going through hard times and .
11,null,null,the beauty that exists within them
12,null,null,I liked logging on to Runescape to escape reality for a couple of hours and talking to my friends on there .
13,null,null,The fact that we have escapes is an amazing thing .
14,null,null,I liked seeing three girls meet each other outside and
15,null,null,say " Hii
16,null,null,how are youu ? " and .
17,null,null,compliment each other
18,null,null,Instead of normally being irritated by that , I actually admired that people in reality share bonds and happiness with each other , and
19,null,null,is presence
20,null,null,it made me happy to see that .
21,null,null,I like the complexity of the mathematics that I am doing and the fact that I am doing it .
22,null,null,I like having a planned meeting with a group of people today for my class presentation in college .
23,null,null,I like having a picture of a God who constantly forgives and is deeply saddened by our unhappiness that becomes to hard to bear for some , versus a picture of an angry Colonel with zero mercy .
24,null,null,I like the fact that I have a place to resort to to write down the thoughts streaming from my mind .
25,null,null,I like the caprese sandwich I am eating , with melted mozzarella , tomato , red peppers , pesto sauce .
1078 15
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Anyone elses depression feel like this ?
2,null,null,Good day , This might be weird but .
3,null,null,stick with me
4,null,null,I suffered / suffer from depression .
5,null,null,Basically from middle school to about a year ago when I finally started on medication .
6,null,null,The best way I could describe my depression is voices in my head saying mean and awful things to me , about me , about what other people are thinking or saying about me , turning positives into negatives etc .
7,null,null,I started playing a game called Hellblade Senua and
8,null,null,is Sacrifice tonight
9,null,null,the their is a theme around psychosis , and the main character has many voices in her head .
10,null,null,Here is the opening , ( possible trigger warning ? ) , As soon as I heard all the voices calling Senua names , putting her down , laughing at her etc .
11,null,null,I was like holy shit that was me .
12,null,null,I am not trying to say I have / had psychosis
13,null,null,, I just thought that the voices thing felt like what I went through .
14,null,null,My voice , telling me terrible things , spinning stories , like someone else in my head , working against me .
15,null,null,Anyone else feel like Senua / me ?
1079 9
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,So fucking lonely .. I have been feeling so unbearably lonely lately and
2,null,null,it feels like it is never going to end too .
3,null,null,It does not make it any easier that my roommate has been sleeping with some of my best friends and the rest of my friends are all getting girlfriends and boyfriends .
4,null,null,I have been really trying to put myself out there too which is why it is so crushing every time I see
5,null,null,a friend of mine go on a date with someone they just met , but
6,null,null,every time I try to ask a girl on a date she just stops responding to me ..
7,null,null,I feel like there is something deeply wrong with me
8,null,null,and I do not know what it is ! !
9,null,null,I really just want to die , I am so sick of getting rejected and feeling like I am never going to be loved .
1080 14
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I lost my best friend .
2,null,null,My best friend used to always be there for me , he was the barnyard kind of personality , with tonnes of love and compassion for everyone around him , and
3,null,null,along him was excitement and exploration .
4,null,null,We used to explore the woods together and sometimes sit and stare at the campfire for hours until we fell asleep together .
5,null,null,His name was Archer , he was my cat , and
6,null,null,he was my best friend .
7,null,null,A woodland animal killed him , he was defenseless ..
8,null,null,I have tried with different cats to fill the empty void , but
9,null,null,they were never aware of me .
10,null,null,Archer was always where I was , and .
11,null,null,were going
12,null,null,I cry every time I lay down in bed , ..
13,null,null,look to my side and expect a short purr and a hop to my lap
14,null,null,now there is nothing .
1081 64
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,People are NOT who they seem .
2,null,null,I originally wrote a long post detailing the specifics of what just happened to me , but
3,null,null,I decided not to .
4,null,null,All I am saying is , *
5,null,null,*
6,null,null,do not
7,null,null,* * trust anybody .
8,null,null,You have
9,null,null,*
10,null,null,* zero
11,null,null,*
12,null,null,* assurance that people who act nice and fine when you are around are really nice and fine towards you when your back is turned .
13,null,null,I would not have known the true , judgmental , and frankly
14,null,null,I have no fucking idea where in the ass of God did they pull all their judgmental shit - if I had not snooped and read text messages of my mother to other people .
15,null,null,Hell , my own mother is in it , too ! "
16,null,null,Hide the knife , he might stab our son ( my stepfather ) . "
17,null,null," You are sick , go to a doctor for a checkup .
18,null,null,You can not give up , please do not die .
19,null,null,We pity your son .
20,null,null,He can not survive without you .
21,null,null,He will burn all the money with booze .
22,null,null,He will be homeless and . "
23,null,null,sleep on the streets
24,null,null,Jesus Fucking Christ .
25,null,null,What in the actual fuck ?
26,null,null,I do not even drink .
27,null,null,Jesus Christ .
28,null,null,What the fuck .
29,null,null,The judgment .
30,null,null,Dear fucking Christ
31,null,null,I could not believe nor
32,null,null,comprehend how this people even came to whatever bullshit thought
33,null,null,/ idea they came to .
34,null,null,Suddenly , I am back down to self - doubt
35,null,null,and I can feel depression clawing at me , it is trying to rip me apart again .
36,null,null,But , no more .
37,null,null,I am pushing it back .
38,null,null,I have confirmed EVERYTIME ,
39,null,null,that family is my main source of toxicity .
40,null,null,FUCK THAT .
41,null,null,I am being ganged up on by everyone in this house , and .
42,null,null,their relatives , and every single one of my relatives
43,null,null,I once questioned if I was the one at fault .
44,null,null,I mean , if EVERYBODY hated you , you are probably doing something wrong .
45,null,null,UNLESS , you are just that damn unlucky and every single one of your relative is a fucking asshole .
46,null,null,I have heard of those stories before , so
47,null,null,it is not impossible - and
48,null,null,I think that is the case with me .
49,null,null,Jesus .
50,null,null,For now , I am playing the game they wanna play .
51,null,null,They wanna be fake with me , I will be fake with them .
52,null,null,I act all fine and dandy around my mother and everyone else .
53,null,null,I smile , I joke .
54,null,null,All a facade .
55,null,null,So when the right time comes , when I can finally burn bridges with them ,
56,null,null,*
57,null,null,*
58,null,null,it will fucking hurt mom .
59,null,null,*
60,null,null,*
61,null,null,Mom , yes .
62,null,null,Because everyone else would be glad I am gone .
63,null,null,But , my mother , will hopefully finally realize her fucking mistake and .
64,null,null,die a fucking failure of a mother
1082 19
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I have been on many medications in the past .
2,null,null,I was on Cymbalta last year for about a year .
3,null,null,Then I had a relapse and .
4,null,null,depressed again
5,null,null,I changed to Effexor .
6,null,null,The meds never really work for me
7,null,null,, I think maybe I am medication - resistant .
8,null,null,Maybe it is working and
9,null,null,I do not realize , and maybe I would be much worse without the meds ? ?
10,null,null,Has anyone tried both Cymbalta , and ?
11,null,null,Effexor
12,null,null,Which one helped more ?
13,null,null,or are they about the same .
14,null,null,Should I go back to Cymbalta ? ?
15,null,null,Has anyone quit a medication , , then went back to that same medication ?
16,null,null,tried something else
17,null,null,or should I try a different medication all together ?
18,null,null,In past , I have tried Zoloft , Lexapro ( allergic ) , I am on Wellbutrin now with Effexor , .
19,null,null,also tried Paxil , Luvox , and Celexa
1083 7
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Coping With Depression with False Laughter Does anyone here try to combat their depression with laughter and jokes when dealing with people ?
2,null,null,I have been known by my friends to be the jokester , the guy that makes people laugh .
3,null,null,What none of them know is that I do it because I am trying hard to not to feel depressed , and
4,null,null,I will try to make a joke out of a lot of stuff .
5,null,null,Sarcasm is my friend .
6,null,null,It makes me feel good for a little while , but .
7,null,null,eventually the happy feeling from laughter returns to feeling like crap
1084 43
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Well I am 13
2,null,null,so please excuse my grammar and spelling .
3,null,null,Well it started almost about .. 1.3 yr ago .
4,null,null,I started to get large mood swings and .
5,null,null,would end up being sad or feeling guilty nearly everyday
6,null,null,That is when i discovered cutting myself .
7,null,null,It started off as what does it feel like then grew into and addiction .
8,null,null,I used to be doing it nearly everyday .
9,null,null,IT made /
10,null,null,makes me feel like there is nothing wrong .
11,null,null,Well this grew bigger and bigger and
12,null,null,i did not tell anyone about it .
13,null,null,After about 8 months i started to lie to myself and say everything was fine , It worked .
14,null,null,Only temporarily .
15,null,null,Around 3 months ago the feelings came back and
16,null,null,i still have them at this moment .
17,null,null,I have researched a lot about clinical depression .
18,null,null,I still cut and
19,null,null,i hate it .
20,null,null,I came right out to my parents and
21,null,null,said ' '
22,null,null,Maybe i enjoy cutting myself " when we were in a huge fight .
23,null,null,My dad turned around and .
24,null,null,said " we do not care if you cut yourself "
25,null,null,This definitely did not help .
26,null,null,So right now i have one person i can talk to about it and has a good friend of mine .
27,null,null,I checked the symptoms of clinical depression on Answers.com
28,null,null,and i have 12/13 of them .
29,null,null,I need to go see a doctor
30,null,null,i know
31,null,null,but i just can not .
32,null,null,There is something stopping me
33,null,null,and i do not know what it is .
34,null,null,I just want to solve it on my own
35,null,null,but i can not .
36,null,null,I need Help .
37,null,null,I have also been thinking about committing suicide and doing drugs but
38,null,null,my friends that know i cut are stopping me .
39,null,null,I know i will be missed .
40,null,null,I just can not live on anymore ..
41,null,null,I can not see myself living past 18 .
42,null,null,Can anyone relate to this ?
43,null,null,Can anyone help ?
1085 64
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I do not want to be an adult anymore .
2,null,null,I have been struggling with my depression a lot lately
3,null,null,and I really really wish I could turn to one of my parents to tell them how much I am struggling .
4,null,null,More importantly , I wish I could tell one of them and one of them cared .
5,null,null,I know I am a decent disappointment to both of them for several reasons .
6,null,null,1 )
7,null,null,I have not had a decent job .
8,null,null,I have been floating on jobs that get me less than five hours a week .
9,null,null,2 ) I do not have friends .
10,null,null,Granted , that is because my mother literally and intentionally isolated me
11,null,null,so I have no social skills at all .
12,null,null,3 ) I have big dreams but zero motivation in life
13,null,null,so I can not even try to achieve them .
14,null,null,So what I am trying to do is work on myself .
15,null,null,Today I started a new ( third , I now have
16,null,null,three of these stupid things ) job .
17,null,null,I thought I did pretty good considering the store did not burn down and
18,null,null,no one told me that I was a failure .
19,null,null,But literally as soon as the sun set , I feel all my doubt and darkness telling that I am lying to myself .
20,null,null,That I am being naive by thinking that I did well , that I was probably a huge burden to everyone else in the store .
21,null,null,But I am trying , so
22,null,null,that has to count for something right ?
23,null,null,I went and , so
24,null,null,got a third job on my own
25,null,null,why do not I feel like I should be proud of myself ?
26,null,null,I have no friends .
27,null,null,In fact , during 2017 , I was so excited to have made a great friend
28,null,null,and I was completely betrayed by them .
29,null,null,The kind of betrayal where I walked away from a friendship and have not bothered reading the apologies they have sent me .
30,null,null,I have tried reconnecting with friend that I had earlier in life , but
31,null,null,I am not doing so well .
32,null,null,I feel like they will do something to me
33,null,null,and then I will lose another friend .
34,null,null,And logically , if I am the only common factor in all my failed friendships , then I must be the problem , right ?
35,null,null,I must be the problem .
36,null,null,I am the problem .
37,null,null,Maybe I am not meant to have friends .
38,null,null,And I have always had big dreams for myself .
39,null,null,But because of how I was raised , I have no accountability .
40,null,null,Because seriously , why bother trying if everything I do is going to be met with disapproval and anger ?
41,null,null,So I have been trying really hard to make myself follow at least one goal .
42,null,null,I chose to go for my art .
43,null,null,Problem being that with my depression crashing on me in waves , I am really struggling to stick to my goal of one art post a day .
44,null,null,I am trying really hard
45,null,null,but I am so afraid that I will be the failure I was taught to be .
46,null,null,In all of this , I just really really wish I could quit trying to be an adult and go back to the days when I believed my mom when she said she loved me , I want to go back to when my dad wanted to help me talk things out
47,null,null,so I could figure out what I was doing .
48,null,null,I want to be able to call my mom up and tell her that I feel like a complete failure and that I can not add to see my therapist and that I need help talking the darkness down .
49,null,null,But if I call her , she will one - up me because I am the biggest mistake of her life .
50,null,null,Or worse , she will tell me that I should try ( fill in the blank with whatever bs Facebook depression fix is trending ) .
51,null,null,I want to be able to call my mom and say hey , I got another job and I am excited .
52,null,null,I want her to tell me that she is proud of me .
53,null,null,I really want to have a conversation with my dad that does not involve the phrase
54,null,null,well get over it . '
55,null,null,Hey dad , I am full of regret and turmoil ' '
56,null,null,ugh just get over it ' well excuse me sir for being by the reality that I just pulled a mulan and cut all my hair off so that I could get another job .
57,null,null,I went from having shoulder length hair that made me feel good about myself to hair that is half an inch long and .
58,null,null,highlights everything about my face that gives me horrible anxiety
59,null,null,Maybe I am really hurting because I went in to work yesterday and two of my managers greeted me with ' ew gross
60,null,null,, what happened to your hair ? '
61,null,null,And now I feel like I am as ugly as I think I am .
62,null,null,I really miss being a kid when I could pretend that my world was not on fire or that I was not drowning .
63,null,null,And I do not know how to make any of the darkness back up so that I can breathe .
64,null,null,I really wish that I could see my therapist this week .
1086 17
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I really need help making friends I am 25 , living with my parents .
2,null,null,I recently quit my job , hoping to ease my depression
3,null,null,but it only made it worse since I have nothing to distract me now .
4,null,null,I lost touch with all of my high school friends after graduation , and .
5,null,null,did not make any friends in college
6,null,null,I spend my days walking my dog , reading wikipedia articles , youtube , etc .
7,null,null,I have not spoken to another person since Monday .
8,null,null,I just stay in my room and
9,null,null,my parents do not come in .
10,null,null,I do not have any hobbies , not even video games
11,null,null,so I do not even have " online " friends .
12,null,null,I have no friends or anybody to talk to .
13,null,null,I realize this is not a healthy lifestyle , and that I am a loser .
14,null,null,But I want to change .
15,null,null,How do I meet people and ?
16,null,null,make friends
17,null,null,When I meet people , what do I talk about ?
1087 47
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Desperate for advice or input ; I lost and and
2,null,null,am losing everything held dear to me right now due to multiple reasons ,
3,null,null,would just like to hear some different recommendations I DON'T KNOW WHAT TO DO
4,null,null,I DONT KNOW
5,null,null,WHERE I WENT WRONG OR HOW TO FEEL BETTER ! !
6,null,null,I have typed this out way too many times
7,null,null,so I am gon na do my best to sum it up as short as I can :
8,null,null,Last week me and my gf of 10 and a half months broke up , i was devestated .
9,null,null,In that little time I have experienced more love , more of life than ever before and
10,null,null,it felt like we would been together forever .
11,null,null,I thought , maybe we would work things out on our own and get back together when the time was right , even though i knew it was a stretch , but i was also okay with just being friends if that was what the world had planned .
12,null,null,2 days after the break up
13,null,null,i m talking to both of my best friends who are also ( kinda ? )
14,null,null,friends with her , and
15,null,null,they both tell me that she basically told them she had absolutely no intention of ever getting back with me because she wanted to ho around without the commitment of a relationship .
16,null,null,She also openly bragged to one of them that she had cheated on me multiple times during our relationship .
17,null,null,This all made me very angry and on top of that hurt .
18,null,null,The same night just after finding all of this out I find out from my other friend that she had called her and bragged about hooking up with this one kid who , during our entire relationship , she told me she hated and that we BOTH already had bad history with , and fooled around .
19,null,null,Then later ( AGAIN ) she goes on instagram live with my bestfriend who is kinda being fake just to see how she really is and openly brags about blocking me
20,null,null,( which added to the hurt cause i had done nothing but try to respect her wishes since the split in hopes that we could at least part on good terms ya know ) , saying that i was ' fucking crazy ' and that she never wanted anything to do with me ever again .
21,null,null,There is more in terms of details but
22,null,null,that s the basic general idea of the past week for me .
23,null,null,I do nt know how i feel or what to say .
24,null,null,I feel hurt and
25,null,null,i feel abandoned and i feel stupid and i feel not good enough
26,null,null,and i feel like a complete fuck up
27,null,null,i feel so fucking awful
28,null,null,its not even funny .
29,null,null,I m
30,null,null,losing my friends because my stupid brain ca nt get over this
31,null,null,and i m constantly going to them to talk about it because that is the way i like to deal with stuff , but
32,null,null,they have heard the same thing
33,null,null,one too many times
34,null,null,and i get that i just do nt know what else to do .
35,null,null,I m tired of thinking about it
36,null,null,, i m tired of not being able to confront her
37,null,null,but my friends say its not a good idea because its not gon na do anything but make her think even higher of herself for having fucked me up so badly and wo nt at all make her change her ways .
38,null,null,I want to completely forget but at the same time a part of me wants to work everything out just so i can mean something to this person who meant absolutely everything to me at one point again , ? ?
39,null,null,WHY
40,null,null,Why does my brain , or heart , or whatever still crave attention from her , or , even after knowing all of this ?
41,null,null,maybe even her herself
42,null,null,Why am i so fucking pathetic ?
43,null,null,What can I do to move on that does not involve just ignoring the problem and moving forward but rather coming to peace with it and myself and blossoming ?
44,null,null,Please , all and every opinion or suggestion is welcome .
45,null,null,Thank you if you took the time to read this
46,null,null,and I wish everybody the best of luck with your own problems no matter what they be .
47,null,null,May peace of mind and soul find you all .
1088 7
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Please try watching The Joy of Painting with Bob Ross
2,null,null,It may not have the same effect on you as it does me , hence why I say " please try " .
3,null,null,That show calms me , makes me feel better , and .
4,null,null,helps me sleep
5,null,null,Bob Ross has a soothing voice and
6,null,null,I love his mindset .
7,null,null,You can watch the entirety of the show on the official Bob Ross YouTube channel .
1089 25
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,My latest depression has a cure , and
2,null,null,it is my girlfriend .
3,null,null,So this is my story about a severe depression and anxiety I have been experiencing these months .
4,null,null,TLDR , we kinda broke up back in April , we had some issues regarding me being a prick .
5,null,null,But , she forgave me as we have a perfect relationship ( that is right
6,null,null,, I do think it is marvelous ) .
7,null,null,But for some important reason that I do not wanna give details in , we can not be together anymore .
8,null,null,So , I started having anxiety attacks , and
9,null,null,all my world was like hell
10,null,null,, it was so bad
11,null,null,, I felt like I had to do something about it .
12,null,null,Anyways , I am fighting to be back again with her , and
13,null,null,she also is waiting for me .
14,null,null,We all dream about things or situations where we would allegedly be happy with : money , being successful ..
15,null,null,all that kind of stuff .
16,null,null,Here is what I have learned : When I dream about all this stuff , at the end
17,null,null,the only thing , I mean , my only desire , the only thing that I crave in this world , and which I would be crushed to not have , is her .
18,null,null,I am a person who deeply depends on others , I previously gave myself into deep friendships , but
19,null,null,after all , and after all experience , my only friendship and relationship I am keeping with is my girlfriend .
20,null,null,She literally is my everything regarding my happiness , and
21,null,null,me being alive .
22,null,null,Here is the summary : I wanna go back with my girlfriend , and
23,null,null,I am depressed and sad if I am not with her .
24,null,null,I know we will be hopefully soon together , but
25,null,null,as the meantime , I feel like my days are worthless and my life is meaningless .
1090 11
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Does anyone want to just exchange some compliments ?
2,null,null,Hey !
3,null,null,I know a lot of you are having a rough time out there , and some of you are having one of those nights where things are not looking too good .
4,null,null,I am having one of those right now .
5,null,null,I think we can all benefit from just a session of telling each other the truth , that we all matter .
6,null,null,We are all beautiful .
7,null,null,We are all worth it .
8,null,null,I am going to post this and go to sleep , but
9,null,null,I promise you all I will respond that to each and every person who comments when I wake up .
10,null,null,I love you guys !
11,null,null,Feel free to start without me
1091 13
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Taking Tylenol PM , etc .
2,null,null,in the middle of the day to sleep I work in an industry that I can be unemployed for months at a time .
3,null,null,I have not had a job since Thanksgiving .
4,null,null,I have decided to do something about it and move to a city where there is more work in my field .
5,null,null,In the meantime , however I find myself sitting in a dark room alone bored and ill .
6,null,null,often take sleeping pills like unisom , or Tylenol pm , and sometimes even Xanax and go to sleep in the middle of the afternoon
7,null,null,Like right now I am struggling with the thought of taking one right now .
8,null,null,I have anxiety
9,null,null,and I do not have much money to spend
10,null,null,so I figure
11,null,null,if I sleep a lot I will not spend money .
12,null,null,Am I completely messed up ?
13,null,null,Or does anyone else do this ?
1092 33
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,My boring sob story Family members told me all the time that being an adult is shit and I should make the most of being a kid .
2,null,null,So when depression hit me I thought it was normal , but
3,null,null,it did not feel right .
4,null,null,I was not upset all the time , it was just like a flat misery sort of feeling .
5,null,null,Things started to feel odd for me ,
6,null,null,certain sounds and smells and silly things like the wind of my face felt wrong .
7,null,null,Like they would be toned down somehow .
8,null,null,Eventually I became completely disconnected from my emotions , save for the occasional moment when I actually find something funny .
9,null,null,I have been on two types of medication and .
10,null,null,had therapy too , neither of which did anything for me
11,null,null,I did not notice myself become so gradually withdrawn from everything .
12,null,null,Now going to the shop or .
13,null,null,getting the bus is something I would rather not do
14,null,null,Things I would do every day .
15,null,null,My social life went backwards as well as .
16,null,null,my social skills
17,null,null,Now I am afraid to talk to people .
18,null,null,I literally reject girls
19,null,null,I am interested in on the spot , before I even have chance to fuck it up myself .
20,null,null,Things that I would do without thinking now take encouragement and energy .
21,null,null,Then came the cynicism .
22,null,null,Belief
23,null,null,that nobody out there was pure and
24,null,null,everything they did was for their own personal gain .
25,null,null,Suppose it is true in a sense
26,null,null,but I wish I did not have this paint everybody with the same brush mindset .
27,null,null,It is hard to believe I am the same person at times .
28,null,null,It is been 7 years now
29,null,null,and I have had enough .
30,null,null,Just dunno what to do .
31,null,null,I feel like I have tried everything .
32,null,null,Ca not help but .
33,null,null,feel I am partly responsible , for buying into the shit I told myself
1093 12
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Just a rant
2,null,null,So today my parents came from NY to pick up the kids from me as I will be leaving the country for 6ish months soon .
3,null,null,My soon to be ex wife leaves to move back to Japan tomorrow .
4,null,null,This girl I started to hang out with and
5,null,null,we both seem into each other but she has reservations about anything serious bc we work together just informed me that she is pretty much busy until I leave the country .. which does coincide with one of her best friends moving as well ..
6,null,null,awful timing
7,null,null,I know .
8,null,null,I just feel so alone ..
9,null,null,my kids are gone ..
10,null,null,my marriage is done ( i m actually happy about this after months of depression) .. and the person who i had started to grow closer too said we ca nt really hangout ( probably ) before I leave : /.
11,null,null,Sorry i know others have more bigger problems but
12,null,null,these are mine .
1094 34
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Oh my god .
2,null,null,I am THE most irritating person to be with recently .
3,null,null,It is just cry cry cry .
4,null,null,Silly little things start me off then
5,null,null,it just goes into the big list of reasons as to why deep down I hate myself .
6,null,null,Then it goes into , you are ungrateful
7,null,null,so ungrateful and
8,null,null,a wimp
9,null,null,a big stupid wimp an ungrateful selfish attention seeking wimp ( go into the happy place
10,null,null,go into the happy place , the nice view - would not it be easy to jump from this nice view - find
11,null,null,another happy place - stuff
12,null,null,the happy place grab your teddy and )
13,null,null,go to sleep
14,null,null,you do not deserve to be alive
15,null,null,you do not deserve this great boyfriend when all you do is pick petty little arguments and cry all the time at silly things ( go to sleep
16,null,null,you are tiring yourself out ) .
17,null,null,Then when i am tired out i will stop crying , then
18,null,null,a few minutes later i will sob
19,null,null,then i will get tired from that too
20,null,null,and i will brainwash myself with rubbish television .
21,null,null,rrgrr i ca nt stand this .
22,null,null,this is slushy moany person i hate .
23,null,null,i am turning into someone i hate .
24,null,null,i have been for ages .
25,null,null,i am losing control .
26,null,null,i am losing control .
27,null,null," it is not the end of the world they say " well mine is crumbling away
28,null,null,and it is all my fault and every time i get back into putting things
29,null,null,right something knocks me down and
30,null,null,every time things seem ok BANG !
31,null,null,there it goes again streams of tears spurted from absolutely nothing .
32,null,null,what a blooming fool !
33,null,null,excuse all this craziness this has been my 1st
34,null,null,really bad spell since i joined this site about a month ago just as my last one was becoming ok .
1095 8
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I wonder what god wants from me I
2,null,null,m fat , ugly and unemployed 27 year old
3,null,null,( i m a director in my fathers firm
4,null,null,but i do nothing at work all day )
5,null,null,Now jelousy is creeping in .
6,null,null,I hate everything about this life .
7,null,null,I just want to end it .
8,null,null,Go to sleep forever .
1096 37
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Alright , I have been here before , to this site and
2,null,null,this depressed on life .
3,null,null,I have experience that would get any person out of depression and live a pretty well rounded life .
4,null,null,Only to be honest
5,null,null,I sometimes choose i think to be down and out all the time .
6,null,null,I was in recovery from a drug problem for 2 years and
7,null,null,i developed a relationship with a Higher Power that really really helped with my depression / anxieties / addictions .
8,null,null,So it would be insane for someone who knows the solution to not use it right ?
9,null,null,Well i have heard it said before , that once someone who had great faith loses it it makes it more difficult for that person to find hope or faith , so that is where i have been the past 2 1/2 months , hopeless .
10,null,null,I tried Heroin after 2 years clean .
11,null,null,Looking for something to shut my mind up and find some comfortable peace due to my increasing loneliness and depression .
12,null,null,I only got real sick for about the two weeks
13,null,null,i was on it and .
14,null,null,lost a job and apartment
15,null,null,Then i moved back with my mom who has deep anger at my dad and life
16,null,null,i guess who is with a man that is using her in my opinion , he is in a halfway house and .
17,null,null,just lays on her couch all day
18,null,null,And my dad has deep depression / bipolar on every medication you could think of and lives with his mom who only talks about " the divorce " and how " i should have did this different "
19,null,null,So really if i look at it long enough and deep enough they are alive but dead in a healthy emotional , spiritual , mental level , so
20,null,null,where is the encouragement or love
21,null,null,i so long needed as a younger person , and
22,null,null,even most importantly i need some guidance now , instead of being ashamed of who they are .
23,null,null,I just need to vent .
24,null,null,I am 22
25,null,null,i just started college last week
26,null,null,and i am extremely anxious when there , I feel as though i wear a suit , outfit , costume of misery , fear , depression , THE VOID .
27,null,null,So it drives others away , plus
28,null,null,i am ashamed of being a depressive / anxious dude so
29,null,null,keeping others away is my aim .
30,null,null,I mean i am 22
31,null,null,i should be getting laid and ? !
32,null,null,having fun right
33,null,null,Man i feel so old but so immature emotionally .
34,null,null,I talked to a friend of mine that is at Yale in Connecticut last night who has always been a good natured , smart , artistic guy , and a person who experiences depression but , and
35,null,null,does not let it get the best of him
36,null,null,he said to not dwell in the negative like i have always done , find something through out the day that is positive , a girl smiles at you , a song whatever .
37,null,null,MAN , I can not just turn my mind off from negative thoughts of me and others .
1097 43
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I really need some advice *
2,null,null,trigger warning
3,null,null,*
4,null,null,* trigger warning *
5,null,null,Hi everyone .
6,null,null,I am sorry if I am doing this wrong .
7,null,null,This is my first time visiting this subreddit , and
8,null,null,so I do not know what is generally expected or done on here .
9,null,null,Let me just get into this .
10,null,null,I am 22
11,null,null,and I have never experienced depression .
12,null,null,I am a Psychology major
13,null,null,and I have taken classes over the topic , but
14,null,null,I know reading about it can only give me so much insight .
15,null,null,The reason I am posting on here is because I have a 12 year old cousin who tried cutting herself the other day .
16,null,null,She is depressed , says she wants to die , and
17,null,null,I am so , so worried about her .
18,null,null,She lives a few hours from me and , but
19,null,null,is being watched closely right now
20,null,null,I plan on going out to visit her this weekend .
21,null,null,To be honest , she has a horrible living situation .
22,null,null,My aunt ( her mom ) is awful .
23,null,null,To my aunt , every problem can be solved by God
24,null,null,, she is financially fucked and letting it out on my cousins , and she is extremely dismissive of my cousins feelings , needs , and emotions .
25,null,null,It also does not help that my cousin is adopted , and
26,null,null,I know she just feels detached from her own family .
27,null,null,Anyways , I know that there is no such thing as simply getting your advice on how to fix my cousins depression .
28,null,null,I know how complex of an issue this is .
29,null,null,What I want to know from you all is if there is anything I can do this weekend to just show her that things can get better .
30,null,null,My little cousin has always looked up to me , and
31,null,null,I plan on taking her out to do some of the things she always wants that to do ( like go to the park , make slime , whatever 12 year olds like ) .
32,null,null,But is there anything extra I can do ?
33,null,null,Is there anything that you all wish someone told you ?
34,null,null,Or maybe even something you wish they did not ?
35,null,null,I would really appreciate any tips or advice you all have for me this weekend .
36,null,null,I know my cousin has a very long road ahead of her , but
37,null,null,I want to do anything I can to make it easier .
38,null,null,Thank you .
39,null,null,tlr
40,null,null,my 12 year old cousin is depressed and attempting to hurt herself .
41,null,null,I am going to visit her this weekend .
42,null,null,Is there anything I can do ( or , that might at least show her that things can get better .
43,null,null,should not do )
1098 20
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Besides the issue with the jealousy which is probably related to this thread there are other things which you all may or may not relate to .
2,null,null,i am 24 years old but .
3,null,null,am feeling a huge burden to accomplish things from my boyfriend , parents and society in general
4,null,null,Not to say that i do not want to accomplish things ..
5,null,null,i most definitely do thing
6,null,null,is that i am not sure what area i should be focusing on .
7,null,null,i am in school currently for dancing and
8,null,null,though i feel competitive i am losing focus once again .
9,null,null,i get bored easily and .
10,null,null,always want to try new things
11,null,null,which makes it impossible to advance at any one thing .
12,null,null,i also enjoy writing and singing .
13,null,null,i love singing actually but .
14,null,null,am not sure what or how to do anything with it
15,null,null,while some expect me to use my college degree to get a regular job .. which i am starting to think is what i should do , others think i should waitress and do what it takes to advance creatively .
16,null,null,all in all i am stuck .
17,null,null,i am on my spring break and am doing nothing , i need a job and
18,null,null,though i feel i need to go out and do something , i am really depressed .
19,null,null,how can i get out of this rut i am in .
20,null,null,and actually start doing things when i am not even sure what it is i want to do ?
1099 36
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,It feels as if I am heading towards a dark place
2,null,null,Hey , have not been here before
3,null,null,but I had a quick scroll and
4,null,null,this feels like the right sub to vent to .
5,null,null,I am 18 from the UK , I have had a rough educational life ( I alway talked .
6,null,null,, went in high with my friends , got in minor trouble that kinda thing )
7,null,null,I fucked up college in the second year of my 2 year diploma course and got excluded for the same kind of shit previously mentioned but on a larger scale , this really fucked me up as I thought I would end up doing nothing with my life when I really wanted to do something with it .
8,null,null,10 weeks ago I got a job and a paid for graduates course which pays out over 1100 per month after tax which is incredible for me
9,null,null,, it is a job I love ,
10,null,null,work hard at
11,null,null,and it is exactly the path I want to take in life career - wise .
12,null,null,So I have been given a second start
13,null,null,, I have money , great friends , a good social life and my life
14,null,null,is on track
15,null,null,but I still can not quite feel complete .
16,null,null,I am very social anxious and
17,null,null,this affects my everyday life
18,null,null,but I push through it , I have to .
19,null,null,I smoke week almost everyday
20,null,null,and I have been smoking for about 5 years now .
21,null,null,The problem is , I still have a void that I can not fill
22,null,null,and I can never really feel that happy by myself .
23,null,null,I love my metal and I am a huge music fan , I used to play a lot of games
24,null,null,but I have stopped caring so much now .
25,null,null,Sometimes I find it hard to enjoy things as much as I used to .
26,null,null,I feel exhausted at home as I do not sleep much and the anxiety takes it out of me until I walk through the door .
27,null,null,It feels as if it is getting worse
28,null,null,and I do not know what to do
29,null,null,and I do not even know why I feel this way .
30,null,null,Sometimes it can get quite bad where I will not even feel like doing anything but pulling bongs with the TV on in the background as the day is just too much to handle sometimes .
31,null,null,Sry for the huge wall of text
32,null,null,but I am trying to get this typed quick as I am about to go out .
33,null,null,I do not even know why I am posting this really
34,null,null,, I want to vent , maybe I want advise .
35,null,null,I do not know , the fact that I am even posting
36,null,null,this means it is starting to get to me in some way .
1100 7
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Does anyone else dread going to bed at night because you are forced to be alone with your thoughts ?
2,null,null,I drown myself out during the day with reddit , podcasts , audiobooks , music , TV , etc .
3,null,null,I make sure there is never a moment of quiet otherwise
4,null,null,I start thinking about how much shit sucks .
5,null,null,But when I am laying in bed trying to sleep I am forced to be alone with myself and .
6,null,null,actually think about things
7,null,null,It sucks .
1101 15
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am okay , until I have to be alone with my thoughts .
2,null,null,I enjoy the company of my friends , even though I am very bad at talking to them .
3,null,null,When I am out with them or rehearsing with my band I feel okay .
4,null,null,I almost feel depression free for the time
5,null,null,being
6,null,null,I feel like everything will be okay , that I got this , that I am in control , that it does not matter that I have a lot of homework due in the next week
7,null,null,cause I will go home and .
8,null,null,get it done
9,null,null,I feel strong and motivated .
10,null,null,And then I have to go home .
11,null,null,I am no longer in the company of people who love me , so
12,null,null,I start feeling anxious .
13,null,null,I start believing they actually fucking hate me .
14,null,null,I lose it .
15,null,null,I hate being alone because my horrible thoughts are a lot easier to hear over the silence of no one talking .
1102 21
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am a hetero man , 35 , divorced , no kids .
2,null,null,I can honestly say that I feel empathy towards any guy who suffers from depression .
3,null,null,Some of my closest guy friends have admitted to me their many bouts of battling these demons , just as I have shared my horror stories and near suicidal incidents , and
4,null,null,we all have empathy with each other over that stuff .
5,null,null,I am beginning to not give a crap anymore about depression being viewed as just a " woman " issue ; it is what it is and .
6,null,null,to heck with gender stereotypes
7,null,null,The things I have noticed the most are my friends ' unwillingness to consult a therapist or take medication , but
8,null,null,perhaps their bouts of depression are not the " bed - ridden " variety that I have gone through .
9,null,null,Or maybe this is their way of not feeling " completely weak " .
10,null,null,Most of my friends will either drink excessively or .
11,null,null,take drugs to deal with this stuff
12,null,null,I tried to drink it all away , but
13,null,null,in the end it just made me feel worse .
14,null,null,I tried tranquilizers , but
15,null,null,that did not work .
16,null,null,I tried booze and pills together , but
17,null,null,still the depression lingered .
18,null,null,Now I just smoke cigarettes and )
19,null,null,go running ( what a dichotomy , I know
20,null,null,but whatever works , right ?
21,null,null,The only woman I have ever known who is not empathetic or sympathetic to my depression is my mother .
1103 24
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,When will this inescapable wait ever end ?
2,null,null,I feel as though this is never ending and nothing good will ever come out of it .
3,null,null,I am underserving .
4,null,null,I have both a long - term mental illness and a long - term physical illness .
5,null,null,One is willpower .
6,null,null,is limited
7,null,null,I struggle everyday both physically and mentally / emotionally .
8,null,null,It is been years .
9,null,null,My physical illness affects my mental illness and vice versa but
10,null,null,they are offend uncontrollable !
11,null,null,I suffer from chronic low self - esteem due to my illnesses .
12,null,null,I do not know
13,null,null,I just feel hopeless and helpless .
14,null,null,My willpower feels drained .
15,null,null,I do not know how much longer I can keep holding on .
16,null,null,It is not holding on that
17,null,null,is difficult .
18,null,null,What is difficult is holding on when there may be no meaning to it .
19,null,null,What if I hold on with all my will
20,null,null,and I find out there is nothing to it .
21,null,null,My whole life would have just been meaningless suffering .
22,null,null,I keep trying
23,null,null,but sometimes it is really hard
24,null,null,and I am scared and lonely .
1104 5
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,The Beauty In Community
2,null,null,Hey guys I recently started a new Instagram account ( ) based solely on forming an environment and community for people that struggle like myself , my dream for this account is to have a very active following that does not even have to be big
3,null,null,I only wish for people that take time to look at my posts , .
4,null,null,talk to each other in the comments with support and even dm as I would be willing to sit down and talk to anyone of you
5,null,null,It would mean the world if you could like or follow . -Josh
1105 28
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,From the life I know .
2,null,null,All I can say is , I know
3,null,null,that after all we have been through .
4,null,null,AND without preaching I know that you know that whatever your children choose in the path to lead you will support .
5,null,null,BUT and
6,null,null,HOWEVER
7,null,null,I have many friends from all walks of life .
8,null,null,And we all share the same childhood in more ways than not .
9,null,null,And in any case , not one of our childhoods has sculpted who we are today , some of us on one side of the line some on the other ..
10,null,null,My father while eating dinner with my brother and I for the first time in years last night while meeting new friends and people made a very correct statement ..
11,null,null,While my little brother is the " marine " and I being whatever I might be am the emotional one , ( THIS IS TRUE ) and
12,null,null,yet my father has NO clue about my emotional status , issues
13,null,null,what not ..
14,null,null,Just because one is emotional does not mean that his path is chosen .
15,null,null,I am going to stop being politically correct and y' all
16,null,null,know what I mean or
17,null,null,at least I hope so .
18,null,null,I guess as I have lost my train of thought ( crazy in the brain ? )
19,null,null,All I can say is just make sure that the kids grow up and learn to take care of themselves , never to rely on someone else to always make sure that they are taken care of ..
20,null,null,In essence learn to wipe your own ass
21,null,null,or you are going to be sorry
22,null,null,because one day that ass wiper is going to be gone ..
23,null,null,Keep being the parent you are
24,null,null,and you will " all " make it out ok !
25,null,null,That I can promise ..
26,null,null,I am only 24 years old and
27,null,null,I have friends across the planet from all walks of life ..
28,null,null,This I can tell you true ..
1106 49
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,The Irony of Loneliness in an Overpopulated World
2,null,null,As I spend more time in the presence of depression , I have tried to apply a further focus to understand what is actually going on in my head .
3,null,null,Dealing with the sudden appearance of depression has been a nightmare and a half to deal with to say the least .
4,null,null,So in response , I regularly attempt to interpret the spiral of self loathing thoughts and whirlwind of emotions that march throughout my mind .
5,null,null,My initial reaction to a diagnosis of major depression and multiple failed suicide attempts has been to run away from everything that reeks of painful memories , both theoretically and literally :
6,null,null,*
7,null,null,I write this post 7,00 kilometres from my home country , in Japan , where I aim to live for the next couple of years .
8,null,null,*
9,null,null,I have ghosted those whom I use to call my close friends .
10,null,null,*
11,null,null,I left all social media in order to avoid contacting people that I knew , and .
12,null,null,because looking at how happy other people were brought me down
13,null,null,*
14,null,null,I changed my image drastically over the past year as an outward expression of the fact that I am trying to change as a person .
15,null,null,It is here in Japan that I have come to a terrifying realisation .
16,null,null,I can not run from depression .
17,null,null,Here I am , in a country where people speak a totally different language and immersed in a totally different culture to my own , writing a post about depression .
18,null,null,Recently , I was walking the streets in search for job opportunities when I sunk into a depressed mood and began thinking about my place in the world
19,null,null,( which always turns out well ) .
20,null,null,Nothing actually matters .
21,null,null,We work in order to pay rent , in order to stay in the same place , so that we can reliably keep a job so that we can pay rent .
22,null,null,It is in this meaninglessness that humans as social beings look to others for comfort .
23,null,null,Our lives are but .
24,null,null,a meaningless speck in an expanding universe
25,null,null,That is quite the depressing thought ..
26,null,null,And it is .
27,null,null,But why is it that when another body is lying on top of mine , or when I am held in a warm embrace , this thought does not have any impact on me ?
28,null,null,I have done quite a bit of thinking by myself , and .
29,null,null,have talked to a bunch of people from back in the psychiatric ward on what ' fixes ' us
30,null,null,And the unfortunate answer for most of us is .. Nothing .
31,null,null,We can not be fixed .
32,null,null,It is just how our minds work .
33,null,null,But what if we do not have to be fixed ?
34,null,null,The hardest part about depression for me , is the intensity of the loneliness I feel .
35,null,null,When I am at my worst , I am so focused on my own loneliness and the meaninglessness of my relationships , that the few connections I do have , I dismiss .
36,null,null,Now , this is not the case for all people suffering from depression .
37,null,null,For a lot of people , their negative emotions are driven by a sense of worthlessness , meaninglessness or sadness .
38,null,null,But the general consensus is , although we can not ' fix ' ourselves , we can have people around us to support us when we are at our lowest .
39,null,null,And it makes sense that as social beings , human intimacy provides us with a safety net for when depression is hitting us the hardest .
40,null,null,Unfortunately for most of us , the type of physical and emotional intimacy that we strive for is unobtainable .
41,null,null,In my life , depression is caused me to push away the people that I have spent time building connections with , and .
42,null,null,has limited the amount of contact I have had with strangers and people I COULD connect that with
43,null,null,I think it is ironic .
44,null,null,It is ironic that in such an overpopulated world , depression is such a big issue .
45,null,null,We are the people that need intimacy the most , so you would think we would be in a position where intimacy is more readily available .
46,null,null,But that is not how the world works .
47,null,null,Our lives are still meaningless .
48,null,null,We still hate ourselves .
49,null,null,And we are still alone .
1107 8
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I have not felt anything in over a month .
2,null,null,I have struggled with depression for a few years now , and
3,null,null,I was doing really well .
4,null,null,I met a girl online that seemed absolutely perfect , and
5,null,null,she made me feel truly happy for the first time since I was little .
6,null,null,In October , she just stopped replying to me .
7,null,null,She sent a message a few weeks later faking to be a family member and lied about committing suicide .
8,null,null,I just feel nothing anymore after that .
1108 58
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Why depression is , and
2,null,null,is not like a skinned knee :
3,null,null,Some thoughts I had that I wanted to share
4,null,null,I was just pondering depression , and
5,null,null,I decided to jot down what I was thinking .
6,null,null,It is sort of a good way to put words to what it feels like to suffer from depression .
7,null,null,_
8,null,null,_
9,null,null,Why it IS like a skinned knee : Depression usually comes in episodes for me , and .
10,null,null,a lot of people I have talked to
11,null,null,Sometimes I will be doing okay , and .
12,null,null,then have a really bad day , or even a bad week
13,null,null,These episodes are sort of like skinning your knee .
14,null,null,When you were little , skinning your knee feels like the absolute worst thing in the world .
15,null,null,You think , " OW , THIS HURTS SO MUCH !
16,null,null,WHAT 'S HAPPENING TO ME ? !
17,null,null," You feel so helpless .
18,null,null,When you are an adult and skin your knee , you know what to do .
19,null,null,You know that you are supposed to clean it , and put a bandage on it .
20,null,null,And that is exactly what you do ; you do not make a fuss .
21,null,null,But , even though you clean it and bandage it , it is of course still going to hurt .
22,null,null,It is a cut .
23,null,null,You just ignore the pain , though , because you have already taken care of it , and
24,null,null,there is not much else you can do beyond that .
25,null,null,You just have to live with the fact that it is going to hurt for a while .
26,null,null,Depression is the exact same way .
27,null,null,When it happens , you know what you should do to handle it .
28,null,null,The best way , backed by science and research , is what we have all heard countless times : Exercise , eat healthy , do something nice for yourself , clean your living space , listen to happy music , watch TV shows that make you happy , etc .
29,null,null,So you know to do this stuff .
30,null,null,But of course , it is not going to magically feel 100 % better right off the bat .
31,null,null,There is still that emotional pain there , just like the way a skinned knee stings .
32,null,null,But you have already done everything you can to take care of it , so you have to live with it and wait patiently for the pain to go away .
33,null,null,_
34,null,null,_
35,null,null,Why depression ISN'T like a skinned knee
36,null,null,: Most people know that depression has a way of demotivating sufferers .
37,null,null,Things you once enjoyed no longer interest you .
38,null,null,Nothing seems like it has a point .
39,null,null,But this also affects your drive to treat your depression .
40,null,null,When you skin your knee , you just take care of it right away , you do not give any second thought to it .
41,null,null,It is just what you do .
42,null,null,With depression , you know that you should be exercising , eating healthy , listening to happy music , cleaning , etc .
43,null,null,But you do not .
44,null,null,What is the point ?
45,null,null,The difference is , that depression makes you NOT want to get better , or more accurately , not care about getting better .
46,null,null,Sometimes , you are just apathetic and nihilistic , " What is the point ?
47,null,null,I do not care .
48,null,null,Getting better is too much effort .
49,null,null," Sometimes , you just want to wallow in your own despair .
50,null,null,For me , when I feel this way , it is because I feel worthless and self - loathing .
51,null,null,I think , " I deserve to feel this way .
52,null,null,I deserve this emotional pain that I am going through .
53,null,null,I do not deserve to feel better , or to be happy .
54,null,null," That is the vicious cycle that depression uses to keep you down .
55,null,null,If you are reading this and have depression , I hope this helps you understand your own illness a little more clearly .
56,null,null,If you are reading this and you do not have depression , I hope this gives you a good account of what it is like , .
57,null,null,so you can empathize with people who have depression
58,null,null,Stay safe , everyone .
1109 7
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Has anyone actually outgrown their depression or mental health issues ?
2,null,null,One of my biggest fears is that my depression , anxiety , and personality disorder will either stay with me forever or will increasingly get worse .
3,null,null,I truly feel it is getting worse every year
4,null,null,and I feel I will never have a normal life or be successful because of them .
5,null,null,Therapy does not work on me , and
6,null,null,medications may work some but only for a short time .
7,null,null,My thoughts on suicide and self harm are getting worse also .
1110 19
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I can not stop dreaming about having friends .
2,null,null,I do not know why I use this daydreaming technique every single day .
3,null,null,I can not trust real people because they always seem selfish to me .
4,null,null,I have that weird , twisted image of having a best friend who does not judge me and enjoys spending time with me , but
5,null,null,it is not real .
6,null,null,People are not perfect and I push them away or worse , I do not and because apparently I am too kind
7,null,null,they use me or tease me forever
8,null,null,and I act like a stray animal .
9,null,null,What should I do ?
10,null,null,I am so lost .
11,null,null,How can I escape my dreams ?
12,null,null,I am 26
13,null,null,and I do not have any close friends
14,null,null,and I end up talking to my cats or my plushy because interacting with humans makes me incredibly tense .
15,null,null,I am on meds .
16,null,null,I was beaten , I sometimes talk too loudly or too quietly because I was a shut - in for a year
17,null,null,and I can not control my voice sometimes , maybe that is the problem ?
18,null,null,How to quit chatting with my imaginary friends
19,null,null,so I am less lonely and depressed ?
1111 15
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,About to end it all , change my mind In about an hour
2,null,null,I will be home alone for a while
3,null,null,so that is when I am planning to do it .
4,null,null,Not my first attempt , but
5,null,null,more preparation has gone into this than before .
6,null,null,I have got the noose ready
7,null,null,and I know where I am putting it up .
8,null,null,I can not talk myself out of it , but
9,null,null,I feel I should give life a chance .
10,null,null,I am in such a shitty spot
11,null,null,and I do not want to do this anymore ,
12,null,null,but if any of you have been talked out of a state like this before and feel like you can help me out , shoot me a message or comment .
13,null,null,Edit :
14,null,null,I am not okay
15,null,null,but I am more safe now , thank you everyone .
1112 9
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Work I like to stay at work for long hours because it seems to be the only place where someone is glad to see me .
2,null,null,I get to help my team members
3,null,null,and we all laugh with each other .
4,null,null,I almost hate to go home to someone reminding me of what I have not done yet .
5,null,null,At the same time , my coworkers do not really see me as a friend .
6,null,null,I am constantly on the outside of the conversations taking place .
7,null,null,I am often left behind during break and
8,null,null,if a coworker shows or shares something with the other while I am there , I will be ignored .
9,null,null,I guess what I am trying to say is that I am cool enough to laugh and joke with but not cool enough for anything else .
1113 24
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Anyone ever look back at their younger years and ?
2,null,null,wonder they used how to be such a joyful person
3,null,null,I saw a post on here about someone remembering a feeling of emptiness since they were five and just not knowing
4,null,null,it was depression .
5,null,null,For me it is the opposite .
6,null,null,I was always a super joyful kid , and .
7,null,null,maybe a little too hyper
8,null,null,( I was that annoying kid when I was 10 - 11 ) .
9,null,null,Then around seventh grade I started to withdrawal from the world slightly , and .
10,null,null,just talked a little less than average
11,null,null,This seemed all fine at the time , it made me a more likable person .
12,null,null,But I think that was the beginning .
13,null,null,I finally realized my lack of a friend group because of how I acted when I was younger during third quarter that year .
14,null,null,It was not bad depression , but
15,null,null,it only got worse from there .
16,null,null,My Dad turned from mean to abusive starting next year , and
17,null,null,my mom started to be disappointed with everything I do .
18,null,null,My parents do not even know anything about me besides a few keywords because they have not held a conversation with me since I was 11 .
19,null,null,The only person who I can say genuinely cares for me is my best friend , and
20,null,null,he does not even know I am depressed .
21,null,null,I do not see a reason why I am , so why should I explain that to someone who is much more depressed than I am ?
22,null,null,By the time I turned 14 I can say I was depressed . "
23,null,null,Functionally depressed " I guess , using terminology from one of the top posts here .
24,null,null,I do not know what to do .
1114 37
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Call me Mrs. Self - Destruction
2,null,null,Everything I do is wrong .
3,null,null,I was given every advantage in life : intelligence , compassion , athleticism .
4,null,null,, even looks
5,null,null,I have spent the last 11 years ( since 15 ) sabotaging my own success .
6,null,null,I am now in full self - destruct mode .
7,null,null,No anti - depressant works for me .
8,null,null,Every medication makes me miserable and sick unless it is a stimulant , and
9,null,null,I do not want to be stuck on stimulants .
10,null,null,I used to drink as a crutch
11,null,null,and now I can not .
12,null,null,My husband and I were separated and .
13,null,null,moved back in together
14,null,null,He is an addict too and , so
15,null,null,going through withdrawal
16,null,null,he is extra - sensitive .
17,null,null,My ex decided that it would be a great time to blackmail me with Facebook statuses and tag my husband in them .
18,null,null,I did not tell my spouse about the blackmail because of the potential fallout , because things were finally good .
19,null,null,Now I realize I just hurt him worse .
20,null,null,Needless to say ..
21,null,null,he is pissed .
22,null,null,It just makes things worse .
23,null,null,I have no motivation at work .
24,null,null,Therapy is not working and
25,null,null,I need a new therapist , but I do not have the energy or self - love to care enough to do anything about my issues .
26,null,null,I am in a black hole when everyone thinks I live a charmed life .
27,null,null,I have been depressed since I was five years old
28,null,null,and I do not know how long I can hold on without losing it .
29,null,null,What do I even do ?
30,null,null,I am withdrawing from stims myself , and
31,null,null,I feel completely useless and hopeless .
32,null,null,I am too lazy to be suicidal these days , but
33,null,null,I do not enjoy life anymore .
34,null,null,I cry all the time .
35,null,null,I live in my head .
36,null,null,I do not know what I can gain from posting here , but
37,null,null,someone .. please help .
1115 21
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Hi all , I am new to this forum and .
2,null,null,am in desperate need for help and advice as I have nowhere else to turn
3,null,null,I will start at the beginning .
4,null,null,I feel that I am under a lot of stress with my job and the pressures of life .
5,null,null,I feel that stress and depression go hand in hand .
6,null,null,I am not sure if I am stressed and depressed or if I have something medically wrong with me .
7,null,null,That is where I need advice on what are common symptoms of depression and stress .
8,null,null,At first I thought I was anemic as I am pale and do not eat a lot of meat
9,null,null,so thought that my dizziness was down to lack of iron in the system .
10,null,null,I also get eye strain but .
11,null,null,put that down to working on computers as a living
12,null,null,I have had blood tests for anemia , diabetes , blood sugar levels and other general tests which all came back fine .
13,null,null,I have changed my diet and .
14,null,null,exercise more
15,null,null,At the moment I suffer from dizziness , eye strain , headaches , lack of concentration , irritability , lethargic and lack of co - ordination .
16,null,null,If I am honest I am s**ting
17,null,null,( Not sure if I can say that ) myself as I do not understand what is wrong with me .
18,null,null,I have a loving girlfriend and no money problems and a good social life but a stressful ( if that is a word ) job .
19,null,null,Do the symptoms sound like depression and stress related or .
20,null,null,am I in the wrong ballpark here
21,null,null,Any help is really appreciated
1116 17
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,It never ends Some days
2,null,null,I just wish I would get hit by a car or never wake up .
3,null,null,Today is my birthday and
4,null,null,I am turning 22
5,null,null,and I feel like such a loser .
6,null,null,I am a moody , anxious , depressed piece of shit
7,null,null,and I know my friends and family are sick of me and would be better off without me .
8,null,null,I have not accomplished anything with my life
9,null,null,, I feel I am stuck in the same place as I was when I was 18 .
10,null,null,I relapsed and ,
11,null,null,cut myself last month
12,null,null,probably did the most damage to myself then I ever did .
13,null,null,I want to die .
14,null,null,I want to talk about it with someone
15,null,null,but I am scared I will be put into a hospital .
16,null,null,And I know how much it would kill my mom if I hurt myself or
17,null,null,if I told her I want to die .
1117 13
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,is nt it kind of crazy when people who actually are not clinically depressed say they want to die or are depressed for fun , when you are really dealing with those feelings for real ?
2,null,null,There are people at my work place who clearly are not clinically depressed but
3,null,null,tag and share memes like they are lonely or depressed or just say they want to die in a funny way , when everyday is a huge challenge for me in terms of forcing myself to be alive and conform to the societal norms .
4,null,null,This usually never gets to me because many people do nt actually get what it means to be depressed .
5,null,null,Even depressed people experience things in a spectrum .
6,null,null,However , when I feel like I am falling off the wagon
7,null,null,and I see these seemingly normal treat suicidal thoughts / coping mechanisms of genuinely depressed people / melancholy as fun memes and
8,null,null,have a good laugh when all those things are part
9,null,null,my own personal hell
10,null,null,, I just go completely bonkers and
11,null,null,I do not really know why .
12,null,null,Anyone else feel like this ?
13,null,null,Sorry for terrible punctuation .
1118 20
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Hello , i am a 24 year old male .
2,null,null,this is my 3rd time joining this forum ..
3,null,null,i joined once , had to resign in because it moved form .com to .org
4,null,null,( or something )
5,null,null,then i took medicines , ..
6,null,null,was feeling better and kind of stopped coming here
7,null,null,now i feel bad again .
8,null,null,i think this forum is a great resource ..
9,null,null,the people who started it should be quite proud of themselves ..
10,null,null,if i started something that touched this many people , at the mindsets that were at ..
11,null,null,maybe i would not be depressed anymore .
12,null,null,my 1 complaint , as i have mentioned b4
13,null,null,..
14,null,null,i think it is wrong to make people post 5 times b4 they are allowed to create a thread ..
15,null,null,when people are here , feeling depressed , sometimes , ( i would assume )
16,null,null,suicidal .. they should be allowed to post new threads right away .
17,null,null,However , i do not mean to complain , as i do feel this is a great resource , and
18,null,null,it is more
19,null,null,then I have done to help the less fortunate in the world ..
20,null,null,good luck everyone .
1119 49
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Falling for someone you have no chance to be with Warning : Super long read Have you ever fallen for someone that you know you have absolutely no chance with ?
2,null,null,It is been 4 years since I have fallen for a girl back in college , which ended up in heartbreak and depression because she already found someone else .
3,null,null,I have lost all motivations and my passion for arts ( I am an art student )
4,null,null,, failed my thesis which sent me into another dark place , ' friends ' were not even there to help me get up , and for the remaining years I had in college , the thing that kept me going are my parents , I just wanted to survive for them .
5,null,null,I have lost all emotions , the flame that was once burning in my heart , the excitement I had when I was a freshman .
6,null,null,I graduated college 7 months ago and found work not related to the course I took up , it felt really low , but
7,null,null,I just wanted to survive .
8,null,null,Training for work now , did not want to make friends again , had one , but
9,null,null,he did not liked the people
10,null,null,so he left in a few weeks
11,null,null,, the only thing in my mind was to focus and be better for this job to survive .
12,null,null,Avoided lunch and hanging out with workmates , and did not really reveal much about myself aside from having a mundane life .
13,null,null,The trainers were aware of my introversion and .
14,null,null,decided to have random sitting arrangements every week so we could get to know our workmates more , and I could get to talk about other stuff aside from work
15,null,null,3 weeks in training
16,null,null,and still , I did not made any connections
17,null,null,, I only help out my workmates professionally , .
18,null,null,point out mistakes and the next step they should take
19,null,null,I get to be sit mates with the liveliest girl in training , playful and ? ) .
20,null,null,have a contagious ' happy ' aura (
21,null,null,There were also a few talks and laughs about work related stuff , but I did not really made efforts to start it , she was always the one that engages first ( and
22,null,null,that is because she is an extrovert and does this to everyone anyways ) .
23,null,null,Being around her , hearing her voice , seeing her smile felt something , it felt like the flame that I lost 4 years ago came back .
24,null,null,But , what made me fell the most is that she is intelligent as well and speaks in English flawlessly
25,null,null,( I live in a country outside US ) .
26,null,null,I can also relate to her because she suffers from clinical depression and requires therapy sessions every now
27,null,null,and then ( everyone in training knows this anyways because she told the class from the get - go ) .
28,null,null,I did not really asked her out for lunch or coffee , I really wanted to
29,null,null,so I could get to know her better and be friends with her
30,null,null,, be her guide in her darkest days , but
31,null,null,my introversion and over thinking always gets the best of me .
32,null,null,There were
33,null,null,only a few times she joined me and my friend during a coffee break where I found out a few things about her .
34,null,null,There were times that I see the sadness beyond her smile , and times where her depression was clearly visible and affected me greatly .
35,null,null,I always think about scenarios - if the conditions were right - where I get to talk with her and lend a helping hand ,
36,null,null,at the end of the day they only remain as thoughts .
37,null,null,I know she does not think about me like how I think about her .
38,null,null,Every time our shift ends , I leave the office quickly and ignore the feelings I have for her , my mind is at a constant battle on whether or not to ask her for lunch , ask her if she is ok .
39,null,null,It is even worse at night , whenever I see her late night tweets about her depression , a part of me just wants to be there for her , and the other part gives me the realization of how pathetic I am and that I do not deserve her .
40,null,null,I know that she had an ex - bf that broke her heart , and currently has a gf ( she is bi ) .
41,null,null,Yet , she still gives me inspiration in every photo I take .
42,null,null,I really do not know what is wrong with me , I am being tormented by my own mind and
43,null,null,I still like it .
44,null,null,Knowing that she already has someone in her heart , yet still seeing her depressed at times ( and looking at her tweets ) , really makes me want to step up and do something , but .
45,null,null,held back by my own tormented soul
46,null,null,Next week would be the last week in training , after that we are going to get split up into teams and do actual work , but still go back to class to share our experience and reflect upon them .
47,null,null,One could only hope for a miracle that I gain the strength and courage to talk to her more and be a part of her life .
48,null,null,I really hate this feeling , yet
49,null,null,this pain fuels my passion even more .
1120 6
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,The moment of clarity I have had suicidal ideations for as long as I can remember .
2,null,null,Despite this , I always wrote off my depression as not being a problem .
3,null,null,Throughout my entire lifetime , my thoughts have been so warped that I just assumed that they are normal parts of the human experience .
4,null,null,It sounds so stupid typing things out .
5,null,null,The moment I realized that my mental illness was " real " was coming to the conclusion that well - adjusted people do not think about killing themselves on a regular basis .
6,null,null,And with that , came my wake up call to get help ..
1121 9
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Do i need a high education to succeed in life ?
2,null,null,Do i really need a high education , maybe even an university degree to make much money , and ?
3,null,null,do not live in poverty
4,null,null,if no , how can i become successfull even with low education ?
5,null,null,Or is that impossible ?
6,null,null,How can i become sucessfull and ?
7,null,null,avoid poverty even with a low education
8,null,null,Because it makes me scared of the future and depressed .
9,null,null,What should i do ?
1122 21
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,All of my friends annoy me
2,null,null,I try to hang out with ' close friends ' because I know it is meant to be good for me .
3,null,null,There is probably about 4 - 5 people I am close to .
4,null,null,These are all good people who I have known for years , who I can be honest with about my emotions and mental health , who genuinely do care about me .
5,null,null,On paper they are amazing .
6,null,null,And they are .
7,null,null,Only I find that whenever I spend time with a friend , they end up annoying the shit out of me .
8,null,null,Each one for a different reason .
9,null,null,One talks about herself too much , one is too positive and gushy , one only ever talks about the past , the other only wants to hang out and drink .
10,null,null,When I am with them , I just find myself wishing I could be alone .
11,null,null,I know the problem is with me , and that I am sabotaging my relationships ( as I always do and have done for many years ) .
12,null,null,I feel guilty about it , especially knowing that I am lucky to even have friends .
13,null,null,But the truth is , I find people exhausting , and whenever I am with them I just feel lonelier
14,null,null,that when I am alone .
15,null,null,I end up getting snappy .
16,null,null,It is like I am watching myself destroy my relationships
17,null,null,but I do not know how to stop .
18,null,null,Hanging out with people makes me unhappy .
19,null,null,Beginning to think I should become a hermit out in the woods on my own .
20,null,null,I do not know why I posted this .
21,null,null,I suppose I just want to tell somebody .
1123 19
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Well i think i am good now After a long time with depression ( 3 - 4 years )
2,null,null,i can say that i am feeling good.i feel that way 4 - 5 months now
3,null,null,but i was nt sure .
4,null,null,My therapist helped me a lot ( still visiting her ) and my ex - friend but now girlfriend too ( even if we have fights often i know at the end that she cares about me ) .
5,null,null,Last september i was ready to suicide
6,null,null,i did nt like anything not even smoke weed like i usually do or play video games .
7,null,null,I was lying in bed / couch crying all the time and complain that i do nt have future and i will be forever alone .
8,null,null,Thank god back then my family and my dog(ye
9,null,null,my dog , was one of reasons that i didnd hurt myself ) helped me a lot .
10,null,null,Now i have dreams again
11,null,null,i am looking for job i am planning with my girlfriend to move to north europe and ofc
12,null,null,i am smiling more than before .
13,null,null,I know that i am still depressed
14,null,null,i am not healed 100 %
15,null,null,but i know i am in the correct way .
16,null,null,I wanted to share
17,null,null,cause i feel really happy and .
18,null,null,who knows maybe will encourage some people here
19,null,null,Hope ! !
1124 7
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,How do you guys make friends in a new city ?
2,null,null,Moved to a new city after graduating college .
3,null,null,It is been 6 months
4,null,null,and I do not know anyone .
5,null,null,I was really depressed in college , but
6,null,null,I guess since I graduated I have upgrading to just feeling numb / indifferent to everything as opposed to feeling down .
7,null,null,Any tips for how you guys who have made a similar move made some friends ?
1125 14
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,How to function properly when you realize there is no such thing as life ?
2,null,null,I am depressed
3,null,null,but I have no sad story to tell ( just an uneventful one ) .
4,null,null,I fail at everything and .
5,null,null,turn everyone down mostly because I was tormented for years by the absurdity of it all
6,null,null,I do not care if me dying will affect anyone .
7,null,null,Someone is " recovery from depression
8,null,null," does not concern me neither .
9,null,null,We are just complex preprogrammed machines creating illusions to survive and reproduce , to seek pleasure according to the program .
10,null,null,We are part of the universe and shit , cool ,
11,null,null,so what ?
12,null,null,It is not even about the pain anymore .
13,null,null,Why keep going when life does not exist ?
14,null,null,But if I do stay for a while , how do I even function properly when I am stuck with this in mind ?
1126 35
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,What to do with my life .
2,null,null,I just turned 21 in June and
3,null,null,I am really understanding that life is moving at a very fast pace .
4,null,null,I was never good in school only because I hated it and never realized how bad it would effect my future the way it is now .
5,null,null,I moved away for college at 19 for a whole year and .
6,null,null,only passed a few classes because I did not care that much
7,null,null,I came home and .
8,null,null,decided to take the year off
9,null,null,In that year off I did not grow as a person and
10,null,null,I feel empty all I do is sleep and play video games and go out once every two months to hangout .
11,null,null,My parents are complaining that I have no girl friend , no life
12,null,null,and I am anti social .
13,null,null,I am not anti social
14,null,null,I just feel so empty and .
15,null,null,lost that I do not feel like doing anything anymore
16,null,null,I do not even know if I can go back to school because of my grades were and
17,null,null,I was lucky enough to get into school .
18,null,null,I do not want to move out
19,null,null,I just want to go to school and come home as quickly as I can no friends nothing .
20,null,null,This lack of growth in the last year has made me thinking to the point .
21,null,null,Do I kill myself ?
22,null,null,What is the point of living if I do not finish school and get a job , why live if I am just gunna work
23,null,null,min wage my whole life ?
24,null,null,Lately I have been asking myself this everyday .
25,null,null,What do I do with my life ?
26,null,null,Is there really a point in living if I do not become a engineer , doctor , lawyer , etc ?
27,null,null,All my friends are doing great
28,null,null,but I am just at the bottom
29,null,null,and I do not understand why they would hangout with a loser like me that is not even at school
30,null,null,In my early 20s
31,null,null,and I am living at home .
32,null,null,I have already missed out of going away for university .
33,null,null,I really feel like killing my self
34,null,null,is the last option I have because if not I will be homeless because I do not want to hurt my parents anymore with the embarrassment of a child I am and live at home .
35,null,null,What do I do .
1127 12
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I need help to understand it myself
2,null,null,Dear people of r / depression
3,null,null,, I need advice for motivation and mental calmness .
4,null,null,I have had my share of depression in the past , but
5,null,null,I have tried hard , so hard to make my life as happy as I could .
6,null,null,But I think recently I have lost all my motivation for everything .
7,null,null,There are days where I just want to play games and sleep all day because that probably is the only way to keep me bloody sane .
8,null,null,Then there are days where I completely fine , but
9,null,null,I do not think I have the same fire in me when I was younger .
10,null,null,Recent mistakes ( Failing in my university units , failing to find a job , failure in relationship ) are making me nihilistic , self loathing and just feeling really pathetic .
11,null,null,But of course , I can not just keep using my mistakes as an excuse to not get the fuck up and do something with my life ..
12,null,null,but I think I have ran out of ideas and motivation to push myself anymore .
1128 9
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Do you ever wish you had a god to pray to for guidance ?
2,null,null,Because I do .
3,null,null,Whatever is out there , if anything , please fucking help me .
4,null,null,Give me the right words to say to my boyfriend to get him out of his slump , and
5,null,null,please keep me from drowning myself .
6,null,null,Please give me a sign or something .
7,null,null,Anything .
8,null,null,Amen .
9,null,null,Now I finally know what The Script meant by just praying to a god that I do not believe in ..
1129 6
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Slight ups and .
2,null,null,massive downs
3,null,null,I get these feelings where I am able to do things while still having depression
4,null,null,then I have these moments where all hits me .
5,null,null,Not wanting to get out of bed feeling so negative .
6,null,null,It is just something I wish I could just wake up from and realize it was all a dream .
1130 14
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Why do I feel like I do not know myself
2,null,null,anymore
3,null,null,I keep struggling with depression
4,null,null,and I feel like it is stripping away all the things that make me .. me .
5,null,null,I used to be a good student , used to write stories about adventure and life , used to play sports , used to enjoy hanging out with friends and now I am nothing .
6,null,null,I have been losing parts of myself until .
7,null,null,all that is left of me is misery
8,null,null,All I feel like doing anymore is laying in my bed and or
9,null,null,staring at the ceiling
10,null,null,if I am feeling particularly bad
11,null,null,I cut myself .
12,null,null,What happened to me ?
13,null,null,I try to be hopeful
14,null,null,but .. that gets exhausting
1131 34
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Sick of rejection Met someone on an app we seemed to click and talked all night till like 4 am , same the next night and the night after that etc .
2,null,null,Honestly for the first time in ages
3,null,null,I thought I d done it and found someone who liked me aswell
4,null,null,and we could hang out and .
5,null,null,have some fun , even just over the summer I d have been happy with that
6,null,null,After more talking we met , we drove round and
7,null,null,spent a few hours just chilling and talking
8,null,null,it was fun
9,null,null,but something was nt right .
10,null,null,I have these little games I play to kind of notest the waters ' , nothing creepy just some fun light flirting like a play full punch to the arm or lean myself a bit closer in watching a video or something ,
11,null,null,harmless stuff
12,null,null,but the reactions tell you the story .
13,null,null,Long story short it was nt the story I was hoping for , nothing was reciprocated and there was just no positive body language
14,null,null,( I know i m sounding like some sort of socially awkward overly analytical weirdo here but .
15,null,null,trust me its just the best way I can describe it over text )
16,null,null,So it gets to nearly 11
17,null,null,he starts
18,null,null,yawning talking about being up for work , fair enough we ve been out 4 hours
19,null,null,so I drop him home , says text me when you get back
20,null,null,so I do and
21,null,null,sure enough the generic one word ' haha ' responses start
22,null,null,and that was it .
23,null,null,The thing is its not the first time , it happens all the time , I rarely find anyone who actually has proper chat with me ( always just ' fuck now dude ? ' or )
24,null,null,that type of crap
25,null,null,so I start getting feelings
26,null,null,and they seem to like me
27,null,null,, we meet and
28,null,null,it all seems to fall apart aftwerwards .
29,null,null,Your just gon na have to trust me that i m not creepy
30,null,null,, I do nt make sexual advances
31,null,null,, I can hold convo , make people laugh
32,null,null,, everyone always seems happy to spend a good few hours with me and not want to go home yet
33,null,null,when they do it all comes crashing down .
34,null,null,Wtf is wrong with me :/
1132 22
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I need to sell / get rid of my gun .
2,null,null,I am realizing that the only reason I have not killed myself is because my dog loves me
3,null,null,My first marriage ended over 7 years ago because my wife choose someone else over me .
4,null,null,My fiance can create her own schedule , and
5,null,null,she chooses to go in late so that she comes home after I go to sleep .
6,null,null,My friends are having kids and families , and
7,null,null,I have my little dog Dixie .
8,null,null,She is amazing .
9,null,null,I helped rescue her after her owner passed away
10,null,null,and I could never do that to her again .
11,null,null,She is 11 now and .
12,null,null,loves me
13,null,null,I read a story online about a dog passing away
14,null,null,and I thought " if little Dixie goes , I will go too . "
15,null,null,And it took hours before I realized that I do not think I am kidding .
16,null,null,I work only so that bills get paid .
17,null,null,I will never pay off my student loan debt .
18,null,null,If I go soon , my nephew will not have any memories of me .
19,null,null,I am crying on my couch .
20,null,null,And I do not want to talk to anyone
21,null,null,I know personally because they will try to tell me I have reasons to be happy , or my fiance will tell me that .. I do not know .
22,null,null,I just need to not have an easy out sitting in my closet .
1133 10
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,i miss my old self
2,null,null,i remember how easy life was when i was a youth .
3,null,null,clubbing , would hang out with mates , .
4,null,null,went to the gym , had myself a beautiful bird , played football for my school , and made my parents proud
5,null,null,today ?
6,null,null,i m a pathetic sack of shit who does nothing but study for uni all day
7,null,null,and I have lost so many mates cause of it .
8,null,null,although now that I think abt it , i do not just study all day .
9,null,null,in addition , I have also wasted / am wasting two years of my life on this fucking website winding up people on alts on the football forums here
10,null,null,and I fucking regret every last second of it .
1134 20
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,So I finally realized something this week ..
2,null,null,Been stuck in an episode since my birthday ( just turned 25 , as per my last post ) .
3,null,null,Ca not remember the last time I ate a proper meal .
4,null,null,Sleep cycle is fucked .
5,null,null,Have not left the house in a week .
6,null,null,Funny enough , I had planned on hanging out and doing some reading in a cafe today ..
7,null,null,only to never leave the house .
8,null,null,All this time , I have been thinking how much I yearn to have someone , anyone , physically check in .
9,null,null,Or a partner to cuddle with , hug , and ..
10,null,null,hold me tight
11,null,null,but all that just fades into the empty void .
12,null,null,I used to be Christian , and .
13,null,null,used to pray
14,null,null,Now that I am not , I am realizing how truly alone I am in dealing with all this .
15,null,null,My friends all live in the city center .
16,null,null,They have jobs and livelihoods .
17,null,null,Ultimately , I have to physically do things by myself .
18,null,null,No one is gon na save me .
19,null,null,It is heartbreaking .
20,null,null,Physically , I am just so alone .
1135 88
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am in a reflective mood today .
2,null,null,I received a phone call this afternoon from the sister of my old neighbor , who I will call Alice .
3,null,null,She had passed away this morning .
4,null,null,Alice had been fighting terminal colon cancer since March and
5,null,null,after harsh chemo therapy and a bout with pneumonia that landed her in the ICU , she decided that enough was enough .
6,null,null,She stopped treatment just around the July 4th weekend .
7,null,null,I am not too exact on the details , but .
8,null,null,suffice it to say that she failed quickly after that and passed away in her sleep this morning surrounded by family and friends
9,null,null,She was only 52 .
10,null,null,As I struggle with Depression , AD / HD , tic disorders , sleep apnea , insomnia , food allergies , pollen allergies , and a weak immunity system I sometimes feel that life is unfair .
11,null,null,I used to say that the Universe was out to get me , that God is having his little joke with me .
12,null,null,I suppose it is only natural to feel that way .
13,null,null,It is a full plate and
14,null,null,I am not too hungry for what is on the menu .
15,null,null,Then I encounter other people with other hardships
16,null,null,and I see that life itself is not fair to an awful lot of people .
17,null,null,Life is , in fact , a lousy chef .
18,null,null,What struck me as sad today , however , was not simply the passing of somebody I knew .
19,null,null,Instead I was struck with my own mortality and weakness .
20,null,null,Let me explain .
21,null,null,Alice and some other neighbors had not been too kind to me when I moved into the area .
22,null,null,They had accused me of various deviant behaviors that to this day still anger me .
23,null,null,These were supposed to be my Christian brothers and sisters
24,null,null,and instead they wielded stones .
25,null,null,The rumors mounted as the months progressed , wilder and wilder , until they reached a crescendo where they became so outlandish that it was easy to disprove them .
26,null,null,When all the furor amounted to nothing a lot of people were left with egg on their face .
27,null,null,That summer several of the families involved moved away .
28,null,null,I have unresolved issues with them , but
29,null,null,with Alice , my neighbor , I was able to find forgiveness in my heart .
30,null,null,The story did not end happily there with us arm in arm , though .
31,null,null,Alice never really apologized to me , though her behavior towards my family and myself became kinder .
32,null,null,Unfortunately , she was one of the people I knew who did not believe in AD / HD .
33,null,null,One day she told me her opinion on the subject right to my face after I mentioned I had it .
34,null,null,I was so stunned by her bold opinion that I stood there slack jawed .
35,null,null,I swore that day I would never let that happen to me again .
36,null,null,You see a bit of that fire in this blog whenever anybody accuses me of not having a " real " problem .
37,null,null,I am as fierce in person as well .
38,null,null,Thanks to Alice .
39,null,null,And now she is passed on .
40,null,null,Suddenly my anger feels petty and shallow .
41,null,null,She moved away and , but
42,null,null,now has died
43,null,null,I allowed her to change me .
44,null,null,I nursed a wound like an angry coal in my heart .
45,null,null,I forgave her for one thing , but .
46,null,null,held a grudge for another
47,null,null,She became representative of all the doubters in my life and
48,null,null,I used that as impetus for change .
49,null,null,What type of person does that make me ?
50,null,null,On top of that , I have set lofty goals for myself that are proving hard to meet .
51,null,null,Time is ticking and
52,null,null,my 40th birthday is but a scant five months away .
53,null,null,One of the byproducts of meeting those goals was to have a book with my name on it that I could bring into her elementary school classroom one day , slam on her desk , and
54,null,null,say " Ha ! "
55,null,null,- as if my success would mean anything to her .
56,null,null,As if that would prove my struggle with AD / HD was real .
57,null,null,How silly .
58,null,null,How foolish .
59,null,null,Alice was only thirteen years older than I.
60,null,null,I can blink and .
61,null,null,be 52 tomorrow
62,null,null,Mortality laughs at me and
63,null,null,replaces
64,null,null,all of life is menu items with sour grapes and rotten eggs .
65,null,null,What shall I order now ?
66,null,null,Usually , my sense of humor keeps my spirits alight .
67,null,null,Today , however , I see myself as being revealed as a small - minded man with insignificant goals .
68,null,null,That even for a moment , no matter how miniscule , I was sad she died before my goals were met ..
69,null,null,This both sickens me and .
70,null,null,splashes me in the face with a brisk dose of reality
71,null,null,December looms and
72,null,null,I read news ?
73,null,null,Time leaks through my fingers
74,null,null,and I am worried about a drop in comments on my blog ?
75,null,null,How did I get so turned around ?
76,null,null,Where did I get so terribly sidetracked ?
77,null,null,I need to remember what it is I want out of life .
78,null,null,It is not to show up the doubters but to find joy in my own accomplishments .
79,null,null,I know that , but
80,null,null,negative thought attaches itself to our most noble intentions like a parasite .
81,null,null,Allow it to stay too long and it consumes and replaces what was once good and uplifting .
82,null,null,I do not resent Alice .
83,null,null,I never wished her ill .
84,null,null,But I regret
85,null,null,I let myself hold a grudge , however slight it seemed .
86,null,null,Life is too short for such things .
87,null,null,So I will allow Alice to change me again .
88,null,null,That way when I order from the menu of life it will not be just desserts .
1136 67
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Opened up to a " friend " about my depression .
2,null,null,It could have gone better .
3,null,null,Hello , Reddit .
4,null,null,I have never posted here before .
5,null,null,I am a bit nervous about sharing this story
6,null,null,( I am very shy , even anonymously ) , so
7,null,null,I want to thank you in advance for taking the time to read it .
8,null,null,I am hoping that just getting it off my chest will help , even if only a little .
9,null,null,Also , I am sorry if this post rambles on a bit or is incoherent at all , I am not in the best state of mind at the moment .
10,null,null,Earlier today , during our school is lunch break , I opened up to somebody I trusted about my depression and anxiety .
11,null,null,I have been on a steep downward spiral recently , and
12,null,null,this person had taken notice that something was wrong .
13,null,null,She sat me down , .
14,null,null,grabbed us a couple of sodas , and told me to spill my guts
15,null,null,Normally , I would have simply told her that everything was fine , and made some lame excuse like " I did not sleep well last night " or
16,null,null," I am just worried about my exam scores " .
17,null,null,But this was the first time that anybody had ever reached out to try and help , so
18,null,null,I decided to be truthful .
19,null,null,I thanked her for offering to listen , and .
20,null,null,explained that I had never shared this with anybody else , so I might struggle to fully express myself
21,null,null,She was understanding , and .
22,null,null,told me to take as much time as I needed
23,null,null,I was very careful not to unload everything on her , I basically told her exactly what I said at the start of this post : that I struggle with depression and anxiety , and that it is been getting a lot worse recently .
24,null,null,Initially , it seemed like it was going well .
25,null,null,She had several follow - up questions , some of which I was not entirely comfortable answering .
26,null,null,However , for the first time in years I felt a genuine sense of hope , and felt like someone actually cared about me , so I answered them anyway .
27,null,null,Eventually , she asked me what was causing all of this .
28,null,null,I explained that while there are certainly things that contribute to my depression on a day - to - day basis , at the root of it , there is not really a reason .
29,null,null,It is just who I am , almost as if it is hardwired into my brain .
30,null,null,It is hard to explain .
31,null,null,Do any of you understand what I am talking about ?
32,null,null,Anyway , this is where things took a turn .
33,null,null,While I was trying to explain that , she stopped me and .
34,null,null,said : " I am sorry , I can not do this
35,null,null,I offered to help cause I thought you were just having girl problems , or school problems , or something .
36,null,null,I did not realize you were totally emo .
37,null,null,We are not in high school anymore .
38,null,null,Besides , you are a guy , just toughen up " .
39,null,null,That last part stung .
40,null,null,I knew that was a common sentiment in our society , but
41,null,null,to hear it coming from her , someone I have been friends with since high school , really took me by surprise .
42,null,null,I did not know what to say , so I did not say anything .
43,null,null,I just kind of looked down at my lap .
44,null,null,We sat quietly for a moment , until she got up and started gathering her things .
45,null,null,As she started to walk away
46,null,null,I said : " I am sorry if I made you uncomfortable , I was not trying to do that . "
47,null,null,She looked back at me and
48,null,null,said : " Look , a big reason I am friends with you is because of your positive attitude .
49,null,null,It is infectious , and
50,null,null,I love that about you .
51,null,null,But if that is really just a mask , then you should probably just keep the mask on if we are going to continue being friends . " , and
52,null,null,then she left .
53,null,null,She texted me a few hours later and .
54,null,null,said : " I hope you are able to move past your issues so our friendship can move forward "
55,null,null,I have not responded , and .
56,null,null,do not plan to
57,null,null,I cry myself to sleep at night enough as it is without also worrying about maintaining a fake personality for her .
58,null,null,I probably will not be opening up to anyone like that again anytime soon ( except , of course , to all of you wonderful people on the internet ) .
59,null,null,Deep down , I know that most of the people in my life would not react the way she did .
60,null,null,But I just do not think I can build up the motivation to try it , not when I struggle just to get up in the morning .
61,null,null,I want to thank you all again .
62,null,null,Not just for reading my story , but .
63,null,null,for being a part of this community
64,null,null,Depression and anxiety really suck , and
65,null,null,nobody should have to suffer through them alone .
66,null,null,..
67,null,null,I am gon na go hug my pillow now .
1137 10
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Whenever I try to change my life these thoughts pop up
2,null,null,Had depression and anxiety for years and
3,null,null,have many times tried to make changes to my life .
4,null,null,But I can not shake the thought that says : " why bother ? " .
5,null,null," Why suffer through all that extra pain that change requires just for a long shot chance of a normal life ? " .
6,null,null,And on top of that I do not even know if I want a normal life !
7,null,null,I Often think that the only thing that separates myself from the " normal people " ( in lack of a better word , ) is that the " normal people " have an easier time fooling themselves , a bigger capacity for self - delucions .
8,null,null,And if happiness can only come from convincing yourself of existential lies , I am not sure if that ( happiness ) is for me ..
9,null,null,Has anyone else struggled with these thoughts ?
10,null,null,Does anyone know how to motivate yourself to change when it seems so futile ?
1138 19
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,When people say do nt quit SSRIs , listen to them I was put on 20 mg Lexapro through my university is health center , but summer rolled around and since I was nt taking a physical class ( online ones do nt qualify you for student insurance apparently )
2,null,null,I had to pay ~$400 for coverage in the summer in addition to actually paying for my prescriptions .
3,null,null,I thought I was in a good enough place ( not financially though , obviously ) that I did nt even need Lexapro anymore
4,null,null,so I started using my remaining bottle and taking smaller doses every day .
5,null,null,I went from about 20 mg to 5 mg a day for a week or two
6,null,null,and then I ran out .
7,null,null,Fast forward to today ( several weeks without )
8,null,null,and I feel like i am having a mental breakdown over every single thing
9,null,null,, i am a 22 year old man and .
10,null,null,have broken down crying multiple times in the past 2 weeks and have been getting increasingly angry and even violent in some cases
11,null,null,I was kept waiting too long in a lobby at my apartment for mail
12,null,null,and I ended up telling the employees to go fuck themselves and ended up throwing a chair .
13,null,null,This is all very interesting considering I got on this and xanax because i could nt even order food wothout
14,null,null,having a nervous breakdown .
15,null,null,Another instance is when I stubbed my toe and proceeded to trash my entire fucking apartment and even took a machete to my fridge Do nt fucking quit cold turkey .
16,null,null,I thought I could handle it
17,null,null,but I definitely ca nt .
18,null,null,I just hope this ends soon .
19,null,null,I honestly feel like i am losing it entirely
1139 32
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Been depressed for so long that i ca nt remember the last time i was myself .
2,null,null,Hey guys this is my first post here
3,null,null,and i do nt know where else to go .
4,null,null,I ve been in a dark place for a long time
5,null,null,but i m the kind of person who channels this into humor
6,null,null,so not even my family could tell .
7,null,null,I just turned 20 yesterday
8,null,null,and i ve been depressed for about 2 years now .
9,null,null,I have nt opened up to anyone about it because i keep brushing it aside thinking it would pass
10,null,null,but it just keeps getting worse .
11,null,null,Today i realized something that made me genuinely cry , i seriously did nt remember the last time i was myself .
12,null,null,I used to be super carefree and relaxed , i was full of energy and .
13,null,null,would answer any call to chill in seconds
14,null,null,I just asked my close friend
15,null,null,when was the last time he remembers the real me
16,null,null,and he said it was the beginning of college
17,null,null,and i m currently finishing my second year .
18,null,null,Its been getting progressively worse in the last 6 months with a serious drop in my appetite .
19,null,null,I also started feeling anxiety for the first time in my life and suicidal thoughts .
20,null,null,are uncommon I ve lost about 10 pounds in 2 months because of this
21,null,null,My grades also took a hard hit , going from a 3.0 gpa every semester to a 1.7 .
22,null,null,I just had a talk with my mom
23,null,null,and she told me that i m being ungrateful and that i need to get my shit together
24,null,null,( ironic considering she suffered depression for years until i pushed her to divorce my father ) .
25,null,null,I m not blaming her at all for my situation because she was raised by two hardasses
26,null,null,so i understand why its hard for her to understand why a teen would be depressed .
27,null,null,I know that life is worth it and it gets better
28,null,null,but i really ca nt keep the darkness out of my head .
29,null,null,Weed has kept me sane for a while but
30,null,null,quitting recently caused it to come back full force
31,null,null,and i really need advice on how to get back on track .
32,null,null,Thanks in advance to whoever takes the time to read this long ass fiesta .
1140 12
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Does anyone else straight up hate themselves ?
2,null,null,This more than anything reflects onto my own low self - worth , confidence and general view of modern day life .
3,null,null,I really struggle seeing the positive in anything .
4,null,null,I am well aware this turns people away from me
5,null,null,but even so , it is very difficult to break out of .
6,null,null,I can not find the same lust for life that others seem to have .
7,null,null,Everything to me basically comes down to : "
8,null,null,Meh , what is the point .
9,null,null," I do not like looking at myself in mirrors , by my own admission
10,null,null,my personality is bland and empty
11,null,null,and I can not really connect with people .
12,null,null,I often wish for something bad to happen to me in my head .
1141 10
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I do nt understand how people can be so interested in so many things First , let me apologize for formatting issues , I am typing this on mobile .
2,null,null,I generally find television boring , .
3,null,null,have little to no interest in Netflix shows , anime , and most video games and hobbies
4,null,null,I really only have one hobby that I have feel attachment to , and
5,null,null,frankly , I do nt enjoy most new shows .
6,null,null,If I watch something of my own , its typically something I watched from when I was younger , like scooby doo or Phineas and ferb as the two main ones , being my absolute favorites from my youth , though that is rare as it is .
7,null,null,And whenever I do those things , except for my one main hobby sometimes , I feel that I am all to aware that it is just escapism , and
8,null,null,instead of escaping , I fall back into the same track .
9,null,null,I do not think I have a short attention span , but
10,null,null,that is I always feel like I go back to what in the back of my head , as that is people my age are supposed what to have because of this digital age .
1142 8
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Does anyone else imagine their depression as being much more wouldramatic ' than it actually is ?
2,null,null,I always think of my depression as being something quite mysterious
3,null,null,and I dramatise it in my own mind .
4,null,null,It is as if my brain is just trying to make something of depression , which ultimately makes it worse because it gives part of my brain comfort in depression , as it least it gives me some kind of identity .
5,null,null,I imagine it as being this huge struggle with myself , almost like a character in a movie or a book and glorify the worst parts of it to provide myself with any comfort I can .
6,null,null,It is pretty toxic
7,null,null,but it is one of the only ways I can deal with it
8,null,null,, does anyone else find themselves doing a similar thing ?
1143 22
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,everyone .
2,null,null,well do not really know what to say
3,null,null,so I will just skip to the point .
4,null,null,i have not cut for a while
5,null,null,but right now the thought of doing it again is looking really good .
6,null,null,the last few days have just been really hard .
7,null,null,i went from having a psychiatric assessment done to finding out that my mom had gone through my room and read all my personal poems and stories to then really wanting to talk about all this stuff to my boyfriend but not even being able to even do that .
8,null,null,i just got back from seeing a movie with him
9,null,null,and i just hate the fact so much that the one thing that i really want to do i can not because I am a stupid freak that can not do anything right .
10,null,null,i do not know
11,null,null,but right now this is the last place i want to be .
12,null,null,I am just really tired .
13,null,null,There are people that want me to talk and tell them what is wrong
14,null,null,but i can not because I am scared that they will run .
15,null,null,that they will not understand and
16,null,null,they just would not care .
17,null,null,I have already got a friend who is really annoyed at me because i do not try harder .
18,null,null,i just really hate myself , i do not know what to do anymore .
19,null,null,i just want to scream .
20,null,null,i do not know what i need or want anymore .
21,null,null,i just really need to cut but do not want to go back to it .
22,null,null,i just do not know what to do
1144 21
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I hate myself , just a vent , going to delete
2,null,null,I do not even want anyone to read this .
3,null,null,I guess all I ever wanted was for someone to want me around .
4,null,null,The only way that is probably even possible is if I am useful at anything .
5,null,null,Problem is I am a grade
6,null,null,A screw up .
7,null,null,What am I even saying ?
8,null,null,I am incredibly short fused
9,null,null,, I feel like I am slowly burning alive .
10,null,null,I am just angry all the time .
11,null,null,So people do not want me around , because frankly I am an asshole .
12,null,null,I hate who / what I am and violently hate myself .
13,null,null,It is like I live in an abusive relationship with myself .
14,null,null,I do not want to be this way , but
15,null,null,I do not know what to do .
16,null,null,I have been getting help , but
17,null,null,it has not helped any .
18,null,null,I am just jaded , , and
19,null,null,lonely
20,null,null,it is getting harder to keep going on .
21,null,null,I wish I could just go .
1145 28
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Warning : We are being targeted by a PM - spammer promoting a blog at mentorself.com Update ( Friday March 9 , 11:45PST ) :
2,null,null,This person has now made several new accounts and .
3,null,null,is using chat more and PMs less
4,null,null,The admins have requested that we ask everyone to report chats from the spammer trying to get you to visit mentorself.com
5,null,null,*
6,null,null,On desktop you can report by pausing the mouse over the flag icon .
7,null,null,*
8,null,null,On mobile ( at least the official app on Android ) , long - press the message and a " report " option will pop up .
9,null,null,Previous Update : We have been informed by the reddit admins that this issue has been actioned , but
10,null,null,we are going to leave this post up for a while in case they try to sneak back in .
11,null,null,If you post or comment and then get a chat request or PM that appears similar to the description here , [ please let us know ] ( ) .
12,null,null,If you get a PM or Chat after posting here promoting an amateur self - help blog at either mentorself.com or mentorself.wordpress.com , please be aware that this person appears to be broadcast spamming everyone who posts here .
13,null,null,Although we deplore this person is actions , we can not see or because they do not " belong " to any specific subreddit .
14,null,null,police PMs
15,null,null,Please report ALL PMs and Chat requests promoting this site to the reddit admins .
16,null,null,If you are using desktop , there is a " report " link under every PM .
17,null,null,Some mobile apps and clients offer a report option but , so
18,null,null,not all
19,null,null,if you can not find one , you can also report PMs by sending details to /r / reddit.com .
20,null,null,Use " spam " as the subject line , and .
21,null,null,be sure to specify that you got the spam to a post you made in /r / depression
22,null,null,Thanks everyone .
23,null,null,We are disgusted that this person is exploiting our community this way .
24,null,null,EDIT :
25,null,null,If you need an indication of how the intelligence of this person rates compares to their energy level , they are tried TWICE to spam their blog to
26,null,null,*
27,null,null,ME
28,null,null,* in response to this post !
1146 18
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Why is it so hard to just be empathetic ?
2,null,null,Today , I failed miserably at baking a key lime pie .
3,null,null,Filling was way too loose
4,null,null,, meringue would not whip
5,null,null,, crust cracked , just a terrible time overall .
6,null,null,And then my mom comes over and instead of comforting me or something a normal human being would do , says " Better luck next time , " with the tone of a carny trying to get a six year old away from his ring toss booth .
7,null,null,I got even more upset , and
8,null,null,that seemed to genuinely confuse her .
9,null,null,All I wanted in that moment was for her to say " I am sorry your pie did not turn out , it will be okay .
10,null,null," Or just something a human being with emotions would say to their upset daughter .
11,null,null,This even just kind of exemplified what I get sick of in people .
12,null,null,Even if you do not " get it " why is it so hard to realize that people have different priorities from you ?
13,null,null,Especially people who are depressed or have other mental illnesses .
14,null,null,It can be a triumph for us to get out of bed some days .
15,null,null,If we share an achievement or ( more rarely ) a failure with you , be with us in that emotion for a moment .
16,null,null,Why is that so hard for " normal " people ?
17,null,null,Oh yeah .
18,null,null,Because all the empathetic people are depressed .
1147 21
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Depression never ends does it ?
2,null,null,You take the Paxil or
3,null,null,whatever pill they prescribe .
4,null,null,You take it for years and years and
5,null,null,every day you still feel so down and lonely and empty inside .
6,null,null,I am sick of being sick .
7,null,null,I am tired of being tired .
8,null,null,I do not know for sure if I want to kill myself or not .
9,null,null,I have made several attempts at it
10,null,null,but then sometimes I think I do not really want to die
11,null,null,I just want this life to get better .
12,null,null,Some people have " normal " lives do not they ?
13,null,null,Why do they have normal lives , and ?
14,null,null,what the heck is wrong with me
15,null,null,Why can not I just snap out of it someday and ! ? ! ? !
16,null,null,be someone productive
17,null,null,I HATE MYSELF
18,null,null,, I hate the way I have made my life .
19,null,null,I want a job that says I matter , I want to rewind and start over knowing what I know now !
20,null,null,RANT RANT RANT
21,null,null,- I hate life !
1148 22
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,How to break up with my depressed / suicidal girlfriend ?
2,null,null,I am in a tough position ..
3,null,null,I fell for a girl over 6 months ago
4,null,null,and we have been dating since .
5,null,null,It is faded for me at least , and
6,null,null,I do not feel the same way I did at all , but from what she is told me her feelings for me have only gotten stronger and we have already hit the I love you stage .
7,null,null,I still care for her as a person and
8,null,null,there is nothing bad between us nor do we argue , but it is just not what it was
9,null,null,and I feel like I have needed to move on for the past 2 - 3 months .
10,null,null,My issue with this is the fact that she is both depressed and has been suicidal in the past
11,null,null,( not things I knew off the bat , but .
12,null,null,learned towards the beginning )
13,null,null,She has 1 real friend and a sibling
14,null,null,she is close to , but .
15,null,null,aside from that she does not get along with her family
16,null,null,She is told me before I am really all she has , but not in a desperate way ( although I think it is that too ) .
17,null,null,I do not really know how to tell her or what to be cautious of because this is the first time I have dated someone like this .
18,null,null,I know it is a shitty situation
19,null,null,but I need to move on in a way that leaves her the least impacted or in the best way I can .
20,null,null,I have not done anything like cheat on her or
21,null,null,hurt her emotionally
22,null,null,but I know this will crush her either way ..
1149 23
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Doctor taking me off meds
2,null,null,Cold Turkey Hi
3,null,null,everyone , I have been on Prozac ( Fluexetine ) since 9th grade .
4,null,null,I am a 2nd year student in college now .
5,null,null,For the past few years I have been upped from 10 mg , to 20 mg , and .
6,null,null,now 40 mg
7,null,null,I have been on 40 mg for 3 years .
8,null,null,When I went to my doctor it was only to tell him during a check up that I was comfortable with my medicine and dosage , so
9,null,null,he would send more prescriptions to my pharmacy .
10,null,null,During my last visit , I expected it to be a quick and simple check up as usual , but
11,null,null,instead he said he was prescribing me " 3 more months " of 40 mg Prozac then making me stop cold Turkey because " being on Prozac for more than 6 months is bad " .
12,null,null,I do not understand because he has been constantly renewing my prescription for years and never said anything about tapering off or stopping .
13,null,null,I once went a month cold turkey during a health insurance issue and around the 3rd week .
14,null,null,I had attempted suicide
15,null,null,And addressing the " 3 months " he promised , I was quickly informed the pharmacy was only given 1 month of medicine for me
16,null,null,I have been admitted to a mental hospital by my mother after I got raped and beaten , because I drank a lot of alcohol for a few days .
17,null,null,I have been to several therapists .
18,null,null,I have been rationing my pills 1 every 2 days , and
19,null,null,my mother and fiance I live who with have already seen a drastic change in my behavior .
20,null,null,I feel awful because they give me such a nice and comfortable life
21,null,null,but I am still depressed .
22,null,null,I do not know what to do when I have no more antidepressants after 5 + years and then going cold Turkey .
23,null,null,I am afraid my brain chemistry will convince me to do something stupid and damaging to myself again .
1150 39
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am a traitor .
2,null,null,I went to check out the other room without anyone knowing that it was me , just to see who was in there .
3,null,null,While I saw someone stabbing me in the back , someone else pm would me .
4,null,null,Having a go , blah blah , how I should not discriminate against people and .
5,null,null,make them leave THIS room
6,null,null,I was thinking " wtf ?
7,null,null," I never made people leave this room .
8,null,null,All my problem people are on ignore and
9,null,null,are left there *
10,null,null,as it is in the rules
11,null,null,*
12,null,null,So anyway , I just turns out that someone let this person know that I was a host from this forum masquerading , as if to get information from these people that have " abandoned " this chat .
13,null,null,I Do not care about the other chat , other people should not .
14,null,null,You guys are welcome to wherever you want to go .
15,null,null,You are banned for putting the link in the room and whispering it to people , which is AGAINST the rules .
16,null,null,I know that the person that pm would me feels bad ,
17,null,null,It ISN'T
18,null,null,my fault .
19,null,null,I did not yell at her for making the mistake , I was understanding .
20,null,null,I have made that mistake
21,null,null,, I feel bad for it when I do .
22,null,null,I KNOW WHAT
23,null,null,IT 'S LIKE
24,null,null,TO MESS UP .
25,null,null,So why people must bring stuff from THAT room into THIS room and .
26,null,null,make me so frigging angry again that I have to leave is beyond me
27,null,null,Why , if there are two separate rooms , can not stuff from the rooms STAY IN THAT ROOM ? ! ? !
28,null,null,It is so much easier .
29,null,null,People will not get confused that way .
30,null,null,At this point I would just like to reiterate that I have no problems whatsoever with any of the people that go to either room .
31,null,null,Anyone I can not handle talking to , I do not talk to .
32,null,null,I just take objection to being asked about it here , where I come to forget about my problems .
33,null,null,, not be reminded of them
34,null,null,And now , I have totally lost the thread of where I was going with this post , thanks to a whole bunch of reasons , and
35,null,null,I am getting too stressed to type , and all that is just irritated me further .
36,null,null,When I remember the point , I will add it or .
37,null,null,post it underneath
38,null,null,Be strong and .
39,null,null,stay safe
1151 32
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Ok , so i have had depression for at least 4 years and
2,null,null,it has gotten a lot worse the past two .
3,null,null,My mom tried shoving prozac down my throat and swore that it helped me , but
4,null,null,it did not .
5,null,null,I did not talk to a counselor until about a month a go .
6,null,null,I was going to school and
7,null,null,every time i went to main campus i would get Ds and Fs .
8,null,null,I would start out ok but .
9,null,null,then end up sleeping more and more
10,null,null,This past quarter i physically could not get out of bed at one point .
11,null,null,My parents just saw it as me blowing my last chance at college and .
12,null,null,took it as i did not care
13,null,null,It seems like i do not feel anymore .
14,null,null,I do care that i blew my last chance at college
15,null,null,and i finally decided to see a counselor 3 weeks before the end of the quarter .
16,null,null,My parents said the only reason i did that is because i knew i was in trouble and just needed an excuse .
17,null,null,I do not know why i do not do the things
18,null,null,i know i should be doing .
19,null,null,I just feel like i can not .
20,null,null,My parents say it is all my fault , that i do not take responsibility for anything
21,null,null,and I just want to blame everything on something else .
22,null,null,Which is not the case .
23,null,null,They do not think that depression has anything to do with not trying , that it does not affect rational decision making .
24,null,null,I am starting to think it does not either .
25,null,null,I mean , why can not i do the things
26,null,null,i know I am suppose to do ?
27,null,null,The things that will better my life .
28,null,null,The things that will make my parents proud ?
29,null,null,Is it the depression or ? ?
30,null,null,am I truly lazy and just do not care
31,null,null,Because everything my parents are saying is making me think it really is just me
32,null,null,and i do not have depression .
1152 13
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I have been reading the " hoarding " thread in the OCD forum and
2,null,null,I am jealous .
3,null,null,They are having fun bonding by sharing stories about their habits , so
4,null,null,I thought we could do some of that with plain old depressives .
5,null,null,Sometimes when I am depressed , I realize that I am crying over something so stupid that I have to step back and laugh at how upset I have gotten over dumb things .
6,null,null,I can not remember all of them , but
7,null,null,here are some of the " highlights " on the list of Silly Things That Made Starry kitten Cry : -my
8,null,null,boyfriend told me his cat was giving me a " mean look " .
9,null,null,I set out a pack of Marshmallow Peeps to get nice and crispy in the open air and
10,null,null,my roommate threw them out .
11,null,null,( oh , there were tears ! ) .
12,null,null,The coffeehouse was out of soymilk on a day I really wanted some soy hot chocolate
13,null,null,What is on your list ?
1153 18
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Everything is just been hard to deal with lately ..
2,null,null,I do not really know how to start this , since I am kind of new to this subreddit , and reddit in general , but
3,null,null,I guess I will try to say this all without embarrassing myself or something of the sort .
4,null,null,Lately , I have just been having a tough time , especially since it is the last week before exams in my school .
5,null,null,I do not feel any pressure to be doing well at studies anymore , but
6,null,null,I do have one friend who
7,null,null,* does ,
8,null,null,*
9,null,null,and occasionally , he will ask for space or something during stressful times so that he does not end up lashing out at me , but now , it is just making me feel incredibly lonely .
10,null,null,I hate having to watch everyone else give hugs and stuff
11,null,null,and just have a good time with their friends while I just keep having to give my friend space .
12,null,null,I get that we put this in place to avoid having feelings hurt , but
13,null,null,now it just feels .. restrictive ?
14,null,null,It is all kind of hard to describe coherently , and .
15,null,null,my mind feels all jumbled up , tbh
16,null,null,I just really want a hug at this point
17,null,null,so i can stop feeling ..
18,null,null,well , lonely ..
1154 40
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I really do not know what to do .
2,null,null,I have suffered with depression for the past 6 years .
3,null,null,It comes and .
4,null,null,goes with treatment
5,null,null,I thought i was over stuff but over the last little while it has got really bad again .
6,null,null,I feel so low , so low
7,null,null,and i can not pick myself up .
8,null,null,I am drifting away from everyone , they all enjoy going to the pub
9,null,null,etc
10,null,null,and i hate being with loads of people
11,null,null,and i do not drink
12,null,null,so i do not go out .
13,null,null,They have given up on me now .
14,null,null,I hate my job .
15,null,null,That brings me down so much .
16,null,null,I work for the ambulance service taking 99 calls
17,null,null,and i can not deal with the pain and suffering of everyone anymore .
18,null,null,A 15 year old girl died the other day whilst i was on the phone
19,null,null,and it is just not fair .
20,null,null,I just can not deal with stuff anymore .
21,null,null,I feel alone
22,null,null,, i am dull and boring , in debt
23,null,null,and i just ca nt see the point anymore .
24,null,null,The only thing keeping me afloat , and
25,null,null,i really feel like I am hanging on by the skin of my teeth
26,null,null,is my boyfriend
27,null,null,he is the only thing i live for
28,null,null,and he is bound to dump me .
29,null,null,It is like a vicious circle .
30,null,null,I am incredibly insecure and
31,null,null,he will get fed of it and dump me .
32,null,null,If he dumps me that will be it there will be nothing .
33,null,null,I think about it all the time .
34,null,null,I want time off
35,null,null,so i can just be on my own
36,null,null,but I am screwing up my chance of finding another job
37,null,null,so i can get away from this one .
38,null,null,I do not know what to do .
39,null,null,I am seriously thinking about ending it all
40,null,null,and i do not know how to pick myself up .
1155 37
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Just ranting .
2,null,null,It fucking annoys me when I tell someone I am depressed and
3,null,null,they say why .
4,null,null,Like , when someone tells you they have the fucking flu
5,null,null,do you ask why ?
6,null,null,How are people so dumb about mental illness ?
7,null,null,I have people who say
8,null,null,yeah , I was depressed before , and
9,null,null,I am like what did you do
10,null,null,and they say it just went away .
11,null,null,Seriously ?
12,null,null,You just woke up and
13,null,null,it was fucking gone ?
14,null,null,Poof ?
15,null,null,Everyone always has their golden fix for me too .
16,null,null,My mom tells me to drink lemon water .
17,null,null,My dad says stop worrying so much .
18,null,null,My coworker says meditate .
19,null,null,Exercise .
20,null,null,Volunteer .
21,null,null,Quit your job and .
22,null,null,go do what you love ( which is what , exactly ? )
23,null,null,I try so , so , so hard to not be depressed .
24,null,null,But if I am not pushing myself 120 % to stop it , it comes back , and
25,null,null,I am back to square one .
26,null,null,And I can not , I just can not keep doing it .
27,null,null,It is just like pushing a rock up a mountain with no peak .
28,null,null,My favorite are the people who say you need to let go .
29,null,null,Just let go of the past .
30,null,null,These are the people that post dumbass quotes on Facebook and Instagram who have not experienced a day of depression in their lives .
31,null,null,Let go of WHAT ?
32,null,null,What does that even fucking mean ?
33,null,null,I ask these people to go into detail , and
34,null,null,they do not .
35,null,null,They act like a fucking monk , and .
36,null,null,just say , You just have to let go
37,null,null,All of those people can go fuck themselves .
1156 16
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am New to this site , I was diagnosed with SLE Lupus about eight months ago
2,null,null,and i am on very strong treatment using predinsone .
3,null,null,Everyone around me noticed it first
4,null,null,I guess since I was suddenly so quiet , moody and would cry at the drop of a hat .
5,null,null,Which , was so unlikely of me I used to crack jokes laugh and my goal was always to have fun and make other is laugh .
6,null,null,But since my diagnosis and medications ( which I counted and i am taking like almost 100 pills a week
7,null,null,and I just turned 22 yesterday ,
8,null,null,honestly i would never thought i would be in this state at 22 a few years ago )
9,null,null,Anyway I never wanted to admit it , depression is not only a symptom of lupus but
10,null,null,it is a side effect of the medication as well , and I think that it is a general first reaction to being told that you have an incurable disease .
11,null,null,But I finally am starting to see it now
12,null,null,I think that i am really depressed .
13,null,null,I was never a quiet girl
14,null,null,but now i am so quiet that I think i am scaring everyone .
15,null,null,but now i am living with my wonderful boyfriend who seems to understand everything so well and is so patient with me .
16,null,null,But I just need a place where I can talk this out with people who understand .
1157 26
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I feel sad .
2,null,null,It is 1.46 am and
3,null,null,I have not gone to bed yet .
4,null,null,Instead I am sitting here at the computer half heartedly trying to be part of the chat room
5,null,null,, tears falling down my face .
6,null,null,I feel so sad I can not even be bothered to reach for my phone to remove the razor from the back , or go down stairs for a bottle of wine .
7,null,null,It makes me feel worse that this is been going on for so long that even the pathetic depressive coping skills have no effect on me .
8,null,null,Pure pessimism , not even the chance of some temporary relief through an OD or .
9,null,null,spilt blood
10,null,null,Why did they seem to offer relief 3 , 5 , 6 years ago ?
11,null,null,I tried to eat normally today , I really tried .
12,null,null,I failed though .
13,null,null,I am trying to see myself properly , or
14,null,null,at least come to the realization that I am not vile and unattractive , and obese .
15,null,null,It still ends up with food all over the toilet .
16,null,null,I disgust myself so much .
17,null,null,I disgust myself because I let myself eat .
18,null,null,I disgust myself because I think as I do , and
19,null,null,I know that eating should be considered normal , but I can not see it like that .
20,null,null,I disgust myself because I covered the toilet bowl in bits of .
21,null,null,chewed up food and stomach acid
22,null,null,I do not know what to say any more .
23,null,null,I wish some one would say that I am going to feel better , but
24,null,null,I have had that for the last 7 years , and I would probably just be cynical any way .
25,null,null,This post was pathetic , I am sorry .
26,null,null,Ruth
1158 14
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Ever Feel FB " Friends " Are Lying Out Their Asses ?
2,null,null,For real .
3,null,null,How the fuck can people post about life being great , life is so good , and ?
4,null,null,being blessed
5,null,null,It is like they want to rub your nose in it
6,null,null,how wonderful their life is .
7,null,null,While you are wallowing in alcohol / drugs , in a room by yourself , contemplating suicide .
8,null,null,Sometimes , I just want to call people out on this bullshit
9,null,null,but I do not post on FB anymore .
10,null,null,No possible way these people are that happy and .
11,null,null,enjoy life so much
12,null,null,Is it just narcissists ?
13,null,null,Or are people really this happy and ?
14,null,null,get all the luck in the world
1159 8
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I definitely think your right that my anxiety has sought out a fear that I dread more than any other and it is true that when I am not feeling depressed ( which incidentally is most of the time .
2,null,null,This is only my second spell of depression in 39 years of life )
3,null,null,I can mull over these thoughts and .
4,null,null,not be troubled with them in the slightest
5,null,null,It is really horrible how anxiety can feed off itself and lead you down this path to terrible thoughts .
6,null,null,By the way when my partner was pregnant with our first child she to had dreams like yours
7,null,null,and she was upset by them
8,null,null,and she like you has turned out to be an attentive and first class mother .
1160 17
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Only 7 cigarettes today This sounds really stupid
2,null,null,but I have never ever practiced self control with smoking
3,null,null,and I usually smoke anywhere from 20 to 30 cigarettes a day .
4,null,null,I tried for the first time today to cut back and used my iPhone stop watch to try and wait 3 hours before another smoke .
5,null,null,Drank tons and tons of water .
6,null,null,Currently I have only had 6 today
7,null,null,but I am putting in the cautionary one more just in case
8,null,null,I do before I go to bed .
9,null,null,I dunno if it is ok to be proud of yourself on Reddit
10,null,null,but , that is a cool Little win for the day in the mind of a depressive .
11,null,null,Hope you all are fighting the good fight .
12,null,null,Cheers EDIT :
13,null,null,Jesus , I woke up to my inbox busting at the seams !
14,null,null,Thanks for all the advice and kind words .
15,null,null,Definitely going to continue the path today .
16,null,null,Seems daunting to give up my smokes but cutting down got a lot easier with all of your support .
17,null,null,Have a great day folks !
1161 27
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Have not posted for a while because I have not been feeling too good .
2,null,null,I am becoming desperate and .
3,null,null,do not know what to do anymore
4,null,null,started taking ssri cipralex 2months ago and
5,null,null,it has helped a lot with the anxiety
6,null,null,and i thought it was helping my depression at first , but
7,null,null,I am starting to feel more depressed again .
8,null,null,I have gained 2 and a half stone which is depressing in itself , but
9,null,null,i would not mind if i did not feel depressed
10,null,null,, i would rather be fat and happy , but
11,null,null,I am just fat .
12,null,null,I am feeling much more suicidal and .
13,null,null,worrying constantly what is wrong with me
14,null,null,i feel physically unwell too .
15,null,null,Do not know what I am doing wrong .
16,null,null,I am taking vitamins and , apart from exercise .
17,null,null,eating protein and carbohydrates and doing everything I am meant to be doing
18,null,null,, do not have the motivation
19,null,null,just so frightened and
20,null,null,do not think things will ever get better ,
21,null,null,just want to end all the pain .
22,null,null,am seeing psychiatrist tomorrow and , but .
23,null,null,considering stopping the ssri
24,null,null,have had terrible withdrawal stopping prozac in the past and am afraid
25,null,null,its like I am damned if i do and if i do not .
26,null,null,if he suggests switching , then what about more side effects , just can not cope with this terrible disease anymore
27,null,null,, just want to fall asleep and die .
1162 18
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I have suffered from depression episodes for about 10 years .
2,null,null,Lately , due to major stresses at work , I am back into feeling awful .
3,null,null,I am a good employee and
4,null,null,have hidden my depression episodes well in the past
5,null,null,but now I am terrified that my new boss , whom I hate , will find out and fire me .
6,null,null,I am working double time to not be seen as weak and incompetent .
7,null,null,I can not afford to get fired but .
8,null,null,am terrified that that my boss will use anything to get me fired
9,null,null,The stress of trying to be professional at all times at my job is just about killing me .
10,null,null,It makes me so angry .
11,null,null,When other employees have physical illness , such as cancer or heart problems
12,null,null,my employer rallies around them and
13,null,null,makes all sorts of accommodations
14,null,null,but I have kept my depression a secret because I am afraid it will be seen as a character flaw and I will be fired .
15,null,null,Plus I am so paranoid , I am sure
16,null,null,when I come into work each day , I will be escorted off the premises and
17,null,null,I do not know what I will do .
18,null,null,Any advice from those of you who have been terrified of being discovered .
1163 8
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I just do not enjoy life .
2,null,null,I do not enjoy my life at all .
3,null,null,I am constantly bored , miserable and lonely .
4,null,null,I have not felt happiness in about eight years and .
5,null,null,do not see any signs of happiness in the future
6,null,null,I do not want to live
7,null,null,but I do not want to die .
8,null,null,Does anybody else feel this way ?
1164 8
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I love you all Sometimes that is all we need to hear to help us push through .
2,null,null,Everyday is a challenge and a struggle but
3,null,null,we get through it however we can .
4,null,null,That is true strength .
5,null,null,I love all of you amazing people who fight every second of everyday .
6,null,null,You are not worthless or weak , you are brave , important and loved .
7,null,null,If anyone ever wants to talk , rant , be friends , PM me and I will be there .
8,null,null,My day has not been great but soon bed time to start again tomorrow .
1165 17
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Does anyone else " live inside their head " ?
2,null,null,Hi , this is my first ever post .
3,null,null,I feel like I am living in my head 99 % of the time .
4,null,null,I catch myself forming conversations in my head between me and other people .
5,null,null,It is pretty obvious because my lips move
6,null,null,and I tend to smile when this happens .
7,null,null,( A couple of my friends have pointed this out )
8,null,null,Sometimes , the conversations are just between me and myself .
9,null,null,I feel very numb during this whole process .
10,null,null,The topic of these " conversations " revolve around feeling worthless in every aspect .
11,null,null,It feels like life is against me .
12,null,null,I am average in every way ( looks , intelligence , skills ) .
13,null,null,I feel like I will never amount to anything .
14,null,null,I just do things to get them over with , just so that I can continue to keep to myself and get stuck in my head like this .
15,null,null,I do not have pride in any non - school / school project or assignment I do .
16,null,null,Even things that should be enjoyable , like going out with friends does not really do anything for me .
17,null,null,It feels as if nothing brings me joy , except numbing myself out from everyone else .
1166 25
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Today is my 21st birthday .
2,null,null,I am spending it alone with a bottle of wine .
3,null,null,Birthdays have always been a bit of a sore spot for me .
4,null,null,To quote a very old comment of mine , " 13th birthday :
5,null,null,I had just been let out of a mental hospital a few days before .
6,null,null,My mother finds out she has a brain tumor .
7,null,null,My only friend at the time gets sick and .
8,null,null,goes home early
9,null,null,14th birthday : All my friends but one bail on me .
10,null,null,My parents scream at each other until my mother packs up and leaves .
11,null,null,16th birthday :
12,null,null,My family and I go out to dinner to a restaurant that my dad chose solely because he had a coupon for it and buys the world .
13,null,null,is smallest birthday cake
14,null,null,Halfway through my birthday celebration the following weekend my friends abandon me due some drama bullshit that was apparently more important than me .
15,null,null,17th birthday : Dad starts an argument in the middle of a restaurant in front of my best friend .
16,null,null,After we get home , the argument continues , resulting in my dad physically attacking my mother .
17,null,null,All while my friend and I sat in my bedroom . "
18,null,null,To add to that , my friend is mother died of a heart attack on my 18th birthday , and
19,null,null,I spent my 20th alone due to the fact that all of my old high school friends had moved on and my best friend had decided to join the military .
20,null,null,Well , today was my 21st .
21,null,null,My best and only friend completely forgot about me .
22,null,null,My dad then made me have an emotional meltdown .
23,null,null,Now it is nearly midnight and
24,null,null,my only company is the nearly empty bottle of wine sitting next to me , so I am not only sad , but also slightly drunk .
25,null,null,Happy birthday to me .
1167 19
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Strawburygrlland has been invaded , discovered by someone too close - to - home , so
2,null,null,I will be bidding y' all adieu .
3,null,null,Damn , I thought I knew how to spell that ..
4,null,null,It has been fun .
5,null,null,The site will remain , but .
6,null,null,will cease to be updated
7,null,null,If anyone cares to keep in touch , you can drop me a line the usual way .
8,null,null,I may even start up a new , truly super - secret blog eventually .
9,null,null,As for life right now , things are looking very positive .
10,null,null,K & I are talking and still ? ) .
11,null,null,in love again (
12,null,null,In fact , this past weekend Husband and I went up to their place and
13,null,null,the 4 of us got busy and had a grand time in the bedroom .
14,null,null,It was as amazing as the first time , possibly even better .
15,null,null,We are looking forward to more adventures shared between the 4 of us , you can be sure .
16,null,null,To everyone who has supported The Strawbury One , I owe you much .
17,null,null,Thanks for not judging , and .
18,null,null,sending me so many cheers and well - wishes
19,null,null,You have been fabulous .
1168 16
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,this is my first post here .
2,null,null,Just wondering if anyone else has this problem .
3,null,null,I can not seem to motivate myself to do something with my life .
4,null,null,I am married , no kids
5,null,null,, quit school a couple years ago , just working the same job for five years , going nowhere .
6,null,null,I am afraid of any kind of change , and
7,null,null,I sometimes feel like life is pointless .
8,null,null,I get in these ruts where I am stuck in this deep , dark pit of anguish and depression and everything feels completely hopeless .
9,null,null,It comes and , but
10,null,null,goes
11,null,null,these past few weeks have been particularly bad .
12,null,null,I was diagnosed several years ago with ocd , which has a lot to do with it , since I work myself into a frenzy of worry , imaging the worst possible scenarios for every situation , and
13,null,null,I just shut down and do not want to think about anything , and it is hard to pull myself together and function like a normal human being .
14,null,null,Prozac helps , but
15,null,null,I do not take it like I should .
16,null,null,Just venting a little
1169 5
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Wish I could simultaneously apologize to , and forgive , everyone I have hurt and that have hurt me Unfortunately most of those people have cut ties .
2,null,null,Guess I will need to work on apologizing and forgiving myself instead .
3,null,null,Yikes ..
4,null,null,Wish that guilt / shame did not effect me so much .
5,null,null,Much worse people are unhindered by it each day .
1170 18
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am drowning I really can not breath .
2,null,null,I am drowning and .
3,null,null,can not see any chance of things getting better
4,null,null,I do not know how to open up to people .
5,null,null,I do not know how to make things better .
6,null,null,I have tried so many things to get myself out of this rut
7,null,null,but I just can not .
8,null,null,I really do not know what to do anymore
9,null,null,I feel like i have lost all hope .
10,null,null,I have been to a doctor before and
11,null,null,got medication
12,null,null,but I did not want that to be the first solution .
13,null,null,I guess I expected my doc to have the answer for me to get better .
14,null,null,I did not take the meds because the crazy side effects
15,null,null,and again I only wanted to take them if I absolutely need them and the doc did not even try anything else .
16,null,null,So now I have hit a wall
17,null,null,and I do not think it will get better .
18,null,null,I want to die .
1171 49
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I have been dealing with severe depression for sometime now , and
2,null,null,within recent weeks it has hit its worst ( most of my posts were in the MNSEN area ) :
3,null,null,lack of sleep , stress , behind on my work , can not leave my apartment , constant crying , hopeless need , etc .
4,null,null,And during these few weeks I have taken the steps into getting into regular therapy again by consulting psych services at my school in conjunction with the counseling I get ( or hardly ever get ) from my hospital .
5,null,null,The severity of my depression has been taking a toll on my friends and
6,null,null,last night it seemed to reach its pinnacle .
7,null,null,I am not sure what came over me , I was not even drunk , but
8,null,null,I started lashing out at a friend of a friend that was at the same party as I was .
9,null,null,I started to verbally bully and
10,null,null,attack him because he " annoyed " me
11,null,null,, I do not know why I have so much pent up anger .
12,null,null,It rapidly went out of control and
13,null,null,before I know it my friends were holding me back
14,null,null,and I violently threatened them .
15,null,null,For the first time in my life , my best friend ( closest friend ) had to physically hold me against a wall , almost hitting me , to get me to come down .
16,null,null,I just broke down after that , it was not even about that stupid guy anymore .
17,null,null,I was suddenly overcome with loneliness and .
18,null,null,fear an jealousy and embarrassment
19,null,null,I have always been known for a very short temper , and
20,null,null,my friends all know me to be very emotional , but I have never gotten so violent ; I have hit and thrown objects before in anger and frustration
21,null,null,but I have never struck someone .
22,null,null,Though they all tried to console me that night , I feel even farther away from the few friends that I do have .
23,null,null,Everything was hazy from last night , even though I had hardly any to drink ..
24,null,null,it was not so much of an intoxication , but more like a violent breakdown of sorts .
25,null,null,I was so angry
26,null,null,and I was desperate to physically hurt someone ; it was quite a scene since I am a petite girl starting a fight with a passive aggressive 6 ft male -- some laughed it off at first as a Napoleon Complex , but
27,null,null,it became serious when they saw how out of it
28,null,null,I was .
29,null,null,I just remember being so hurt and angry at my friends ; I felt so alienated which fueled my anger at the world , at my life more ..
30,null,null,( As cliche as that sounds ) .
31,null,null,And today I just do not feel like going out
32,null,null,and I can not help but .
33,null,null,feel so alone
34,null,null,The way my friend violently had to restrain me scared me a lot
35,null,null,-- I have never seen her like that , and
36,null,null,she is certainly not the type to behave like that ..
37,null,null,I pushed her to that point .
38,null,null,It brought me back to an ex - bf of mine that I was very close too and who saw the worst of my depression as well ; he too at one point had to restrain me violently ( against his character as well ) .
39,null,null,After an off and on relationship of trying to stay together , he could not take me , or , anymore .
40,null,null,my emotional instability
41,null,null,Last night , I had friends breaking down screaming at me that they were never enough for me ( to make me happy or content otherwise )
42,null,null,and it just brought me back to that moment with my ex .
43,null,null,I feel as if that this cycle is in all my relationships -- romantic ones and friendships .
44,null,null,I seem to constantly push people away .
45,null,null,I do not know what to do .
46,null,null,I do not miss my ex - bf at all , but
47,null,null,I am scared that I will never be able to have close relationships / friendships .
48,null,null,Everyone I know just pities me .
49,null,null,I feel so completely alone and pathetic .
1172 10
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Feeling a lot worse when alone ?
2,null,null,So I am not sure if I am depressed or not , maybe just too dependent on close ones .
3,null,null,But does anyone else actually manage to feel somewhat okay around particular people , only to go back to feeling somewhat numb when alone ?
4,null,null,I am not sure how to deal with this , but
5,null,null,when I am alone I will do shit like binge eat just to feel something .
6,null,null,Contrary to when I am not alone , and .
7,null,null,can actually push myself to go and exercise
8,null,null,The snowball effect is real ..
9,null,null,but man do things feel like a struggle for no reason right now , even knowing that it can get better when socializing .
10,null,null,Any advice ?
1173 32
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Can / Should I send her a dm ?
2,null,null,Hi I will start this with some backstory .
3,null,null,A friend of mine plays in a band and
4,null,null,last weekend I watched them live for the first time
5,null,null,, it was pretty small with four other bands and maybe 15 people watched my friends band .
6,null,null,Anyway their lead singer is a girl who gave some weird vibes while on stage , but
7,null,null,she was also very edgy
8,null,null,so maybe it was that .
9,null,null,After the concert someone showed me her IG
10,null,null,and I thought I would follow her .
11,null,null,She and .
12,null,null,approved me and followed back
13,null,null,The first post she made after that was pretty much this summarized : I am having a pretty bad phase of depression right now .
14,null,null,I have no motivation ,
15,null,null,ca nt take compliments serious , hate everything I do and am overwhelmed with the smallest social interactions
16,null,null,( there was more
17,null,null,but I will stop here ) .
18,null,null,I personally have been struggling for the past few weeks with similar issues again and :
19,null,null,thought if it was okay to send her a message along the lines of this or if it would be intrusive
20,null,null,Hey I saw your Post about your depression and .
21,null,null,can relate a lot to yo
22,null,null,I am a friend of guy and .
23,null,null,saw you live for the first time in city
24,null,null,I know how shit it feels to have phases like this and but
25,null,null,will not say it becomes magically better ,
26,null,null,you are doing an amazing job with your music .
27,null,null,I know you do not know me
28,null,null,and I do not know you , but
29,null,null,if you want to talk to someone who comprehend what you are feeling , I would gladly do it .
30,null,null,English is not my first language
31,null,null,so some things might sound rough , but
32,null,null,I hope I was able to get my message across
1174 22
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Am I Depressed ?
2,null,null,While I have been distraught and suicidal on and off since age fifteen , I have never been formally diagnosed with anything because I do not trust the mental - health establishment .
3,null,null,I have only visited a shrink twice : once when forced by parents , a second time when pressured by a partner .
4,null,null,Because of this , I am reluctant to claim I am depressed except in the loose , colloquial sense .
5,null,null,Instead , I feel my rage and despair flow quite appropriately from my failure to fulfill my desires , .
6,null,null,achieve my dreams , and so on
7,null,null,I hate being alive and , but
8,null,null,would adore a sudden death , sure
9,null,null,that does not necessarily mean I am depressed , right ?
10,null,null,I do not experience many of the symptoms of formal depression
11,null,null,: I sleep pretty well most of the time , I eat okay , and
12,null,null,I am socially active .
13,null,null,( I feel abjectly isolated , but
14,null,null,empirically I spend a fair amount of time with friendly acquaintances at events and so on . )
15,null,null,I resist the medical model of my mental state because it assumes the problem is with me rather than with the world .
16,null,null,I figure I would be okay if I had the basic level of social success normal folks have : a number of close friends and a healthy romantic / sexual relationship with one or more partners .
17,null,null,I am becoming increasingly confident my genetics and values combine to make forming meaningful connections with other humans effectively impossible .
18,null,null,Because I yearn for such connections intensely , it is only rational that this dynamic would make my life unlivable .
19,null,null,I am not depressed .
20,null,null,My brain ai not malfunctioning ; it is as valid a pattern as any .
21,null,null,The uncaring universe approves of my mind as much as anyone is .
22,null,null,I am just not biologically equipped to thrive in the environments I find myself in .
1175 7
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Anyone get this feeling ?
2,null,null,Does anyone else get the feeling like you are waiting for something to happen ?
3,null,null,Something great that will change your life for the better and make you finally happy .
4,null,null,But you realize that there is no " thing " , this is it .
5,null,null,What is that ?
6,null,null,I feel like this all the time .
7,null,null,Like I am waiting on that thing to finally happen to fix it all ..
1176 22
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Hello All , I am a 27 year old female from PA .
2,null,null,I have been dealing with severe depression since my early 20 is .
3,null,null,I recently had two friends tell me that they think I may be bipolar .
4,null,null,Hmm I will have to disagree .
5,null,null,I do not really have " highs .
6,null,null," At least not anymore .
7,null,null,Mostly just feel like blah .
8,null,null,Sometimes it is so bad
9,null,null,I think things would be better if I was not around .
10,null,null,I would never commit suicide , but
11,null,null,it does not stop the thoughts from clouding my head .
12,null,null,I have had the therapy and .
13,null,null,been on medicines .. celexa , paxil , combo of celexa and lamictal , lexapro , wellbutrin
14,null,null,NOTHING .
15,null,null,I am not taking anything right now , but .
16,null,null,am in the process of looking for a new therapist as my insurance recently changed
17,null,null,This sucks .
18,null,null,Most of the time I feel nothing .
19,null,null,Empty .
20,null,null,I find it easier to get emotional and cry over a stupid TV show than over something in real life .
21,null,null,Well , it is good to be here .
22,null,null,Hopefully it will help .
1177 20
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,girl
2,null,null,So in the past 2 - 3 months i been talking to this one girl .
3,null,null,I love everything about her
4,null,null,and we really clicked together , seeing as we are both socially retarded .
5,null,null,Literally everything is been looking up , i started working out , being generally happier and more carefree even in social environments .
6,null,null,I am not exactly depressed , just do not really feel much emotion and
7,null,null,I do not relate to people around me .
8,null,null,Never been a fan of going out
9,null,null,and I have had major problems getting to know anyone
10,null,null,( I only have 1 very close friend , besides her ) .
11,null,null,I have always had the feeling that I am tolerated but not wanted whenever I am around others , but
12,null,null,this chick changed that completely .
13,null,null,I actually started to look forward to waking up in the morning and meeting her at uni .
14,null,null,On a side note we also like pretty much the same things - similiar music taste , similiar views , similiar feeling of being a reject and ofc vidya games , books and other shit .
15,null,null,I knew I was steadily falling in love with her (
16,null,null,something I honestly thought impossible before ) and
17,null,null,just recently I found out she is got a boyfriend .
18,null,null,I proceeded to spend the next 2 hours crying like a little bitch for the first time in over a decade .
19,null,null,After that I could not even hit any fucking awp shots in cs cause I still had tears streaming from my eyes .
20,null,null,My question is , have I reached the point of being pathetic enough that I should call it quits and neck myself ?
1178 10
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Having a heart stinks sometimes .
2,null,null,Reddit
3,null,null,I met this girl on a dating site , and
4,null,null,it was going great .
5,null,null,Texting was really fun , and
6,null,null,we talked about a bunch of different stuff , then when we had a lunch date .
7,null,null,Afterward she then did not really respond to anything I sent her .
8,null,null,This morning she tells me that there wase not a connection .
9,null,null,I am a tiny bit upset , and
10,null,null,I am not to sure what to do .
1179 20
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,is there a comfort in sadness ?
2,null,null,my therapist , my psychiatrist , and my parents all say i am so much better than i used to be .
3,null,null,and i am .
4,null,null,i know that .
5,null,null,i do not even think about suicide anymore
6,null,null,and i have not self harmed in a few years .
7,null,null,but my brain is still fucked up and
8,null,null,it always will be .
9,null,null,i can live with that .
10,null,null,but not when all these people around me are telling me how happy i am .
11,null,null,just because i am better than i was a few years ago does not mean i am good .
12,null,null,i am better by comparison .
13,null,null,but that is it .
14,null,null,and i hate being told how great i am doing .
15,null,null,but then i think maybe i am just overreacting to the word happy because i am more comfortable being sad .
16,null,null,i have been sad for so long that there is a certain comfort in it .
17,null,null,sad is familiar .
18,null,null,happy is unknown and risky .
19,null,null,can anyone relate to this or ?
20,null,null,am i alone
1180 34
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,i hate my autistic sister and mentally ill mom
2,null,null,and i hate myself for that
3,null,null,i feel trapped my sister is 20 years old and on the autism spectrum
4,null,null,she is not severe enough to where it is obvious
5,null,null,she just seems like a really weird awkward person , she is in college , she has no friends , she has the most severe anxiety and depression i have ever seen in someone she can not get a job
6,null,null,and when she does she gets fired i feel like this
7,null,null,all falls onto me , the 14 year old younger sister i m
8,null,null,so mean to her
9,null,null,and i do not try to be
10,null,null,but i feel like i am her primary care taker .
11,null,null,my mother has severe mental illness issues and
12,null,null,has recently harmed herself badly
13,null,null,, she is attempted suicide and been admitted into a mental hospital in recent years .
14,null,null,all of her problems fall on me as well
15,null,null,she tells me everything she sobs to me and
16,null,null,tells me she is a horrible mother , that she hates herself , that she is going to blow her brains out ,
17,null,null,her and my father fight constantly and
18,null,null,this helps nothing .
19,null,null,i feel so mean towards both my mom and my sister
20,null,null,but i am so trapped by them they both confide in me
21,null,null,and i am just a kid
22,null,null,i can not help them .
23,null,null,this is probably in the wrong sub
24,null,null,but i did not know where to put it
25,null,null,i am sorry i just needed to tell someone i deal with this all on my own
26,null,null,, i have no friends
27,null,null,and i do not want to trouble my boyfriend with my hefty issues .
28,null,null,i just lay around and
29,null,null,sulk
30,null,null,all day i am so saddened by my family
31,null,null,i do not know what to do
32,null,null,i think i may be depressed
33,null,null,i just want some help i am so stuck .
34,null,null,i m trapped
1181 18
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,13 years old with depression
2,null,null,I am 13
3,null,null,I have attempted suicide
4,null,null,multiple times including at my old primary school I am Turing 14 in a few days
5,null,null,but I am not excited
6,null,null,I am just always sad
7,null,null,my life is great besides bullying and getting left out of thing I just got back from school break on school break
8,null,null,I was fine
9,null,null,but now I am depressed again
10,null,null,it is school that makes me depressed
11,null,null,and i do not know what to do
12,null,null,I do not want therapy because I do not want to tell my mum only my brother and some close friends
13,null,null,know I do things to distract myself like gaming
14,null,null,but if it is bad it just keeps staying in my head
15,null,null,I get really bummed and
16,null,null,do not want to do anything I was reading some of other people
17,null,null,is stories
18,null,null,earlier everyone here is truely great
1182 7
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Ever have that moment where your depression teases you at the worst times , then tricks you into making you think you are " fine " .
2,null,null,Not sure how to explain it .
3,null,null,Like , you really start to feel like shit at certain points during the day , but
4,null,null,once you are near an item or person to communicate with ( e.g. A journal or counsellor )
5,null,null,you feel " fine " ( not the good fine but the nullity type of fine ) .
6,null,null,I do not know how to explain this
7,null,null,and I do not like it because I want to be able to express this shit to the few trusted sources I have left .
1183 56
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I just drove 100 miles cause my Gma tried to OD and is in ICU .
2,null,null,IDK if this belongs here .
3,null,null,Maybe it will get removed , but
4,null,null,I feel like I need to vent somewhere .
5,null,null,My grandma has struggled with manic depression a lot through her life .
6,null,null,I have always seen her as this strong independent woman .
7,null,null,She has always been my favorite family member because just how kind and loving she is toward everyone and everything .
8,null,null,No matter how bad life has ever gotten for me or .
9,null,null,anyone else
10,null,null,she has always had positive words
11,null,null,Well I never knew it
12,null,null,but she is a bottler and
13,null,null,my dad told me in the 90s she snapped and try to OD roughly 20 years ago .
14,null,null,Combination with anxiety and stress and lots of other factors .
15,null,null,Keep in mind everyone loves this woman she has 3 granddaughters and 1 grandson and loving kids .
16,null,null,This woman is a saint in my family .
17,null,null,He
18,null,null,we are 20 years later again .
19,null,null,My family and I live in Texas , meanwhile they live in Georgia and my dads sister/ gmas daughter and her family live in Virgina .
20,null,null,My aunt plans to move back to TX .
21,null,null,So my grandparents were planning to move to TX since everyone on the East Coast is leaving .
22,null,null,When it came down to sign on a Realtor she snapped I guess again ..
23,null,null,These are people in there 70s trying to uproot their life again and move across country .
24,null,null,She tried to OD on some pills and my dad , sister , and
25,null,null,I hopped in the car yesterday and drove from Tx to Ga.
26,null,null,My Gpa said he noticed she was eating less but did not see the signs .
27,null,null,Now we surprised her and .
28,null,null,did not tell her we were coming
29,null,null,Amongst other family all were happy to see us .
30,null,null,My Gma I could tell was not the rock solid woman I always known her to be .
31,null,null,It made me realize that you can be 70yo and still have these dark thoughts and try .
32,null,null,She looked so weak and frail .
33,null,null,So here I am in a different time zone trying to support my gma the best I can .
34,null,null,My sister does not even know , she just thinks she is isick ' .
35,null,null,This woman has all the love in the world and
36,null,null,that still does not help dark thoughts .
37,null,null,IDK
38,null,null,how I feel , I do not know how I am coping .
39,null,null,It has not hit me yet I think ..
40,null,null,Also my Gpa literally would not survive without her .
41,null,null,Like she is the one that makes sure bills are paid on time and basically runs the house .
42,null,null,She is his guide and
43,null,null,he would be lost and a wreck without her .
44,null,null,He s so shaken up and worried .
45,null,null,On top of everything my girlfriend just tried the same thing but
46,null,null,a different method and her brother called the cops
47,null,null,and she got 5150
48,null,null,would
49,null,null,and I have talked her once in 3 days .
50,null,null,When she called I had just learned about my gma
51,null,null,and I feel like she did not get the support she needed from me .
52,null,null,It breaks my soul to think that this loving amazing person would want it to go all away and leave all of us behind .
53,null,null,I have so many cherished memories of my grandparents .
54,null,null,Sometimes I feel like I can get these stints of depression
55,null,null,and I know it runs in the family .
56,null,null,So here is me unbottling to you guys in hopes to here thoughts , prayers , and reddit love .
1184 26
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I got up and .
2,null,null,realized I had not given my diabetic shot I need that to give at night
3,null,null,Therefore , my readings were off the chart , and
4,null,null,I do not feel well .
5,null,null,I hate this !
6,null,null,I am trying to get my diabetes on track
7,null,null,but i can not .
8,null,null,I hate feeling as if I am so stupid that I can not control what my body does .
9,null,null,I did not get much sleep
10,null,null,, I did not have breakfast , I have a headache , I am getting sick , I did not do well in a competition on Sunday that everyone that I would do well in , my grades in school are going down and grades are due Wednesday
11,null,null,( let me know when I am rambling ! )
12,null,null,and I have to be in school because its MONDAY .
13,null,null,Top it off with trying to stop cutting
14,null,null,and I have a very crappy morning to start out my week with .
15,null,null,Anyone else every have a morning like this .
16,null,null,I do not know what to do because I have to around people
17,null,null,and I do not like people when I have mornings like this .
18,null,null,Tell me , do these mornings get any better as the day goes on ?
19,null,null,Does anyone else have mornings like this , where all you want to do
20,null,null,is stay in your room under the covers and .
21,null,null,read
22,null,null,Hmm .
23,null,null,Well , school bell is going to ring .
24,null,null,I am glad I got this off my chest , but
25,null,null,it did not help as much as I had hoped .
26,null,null,Anybody have any suggestions for making a bad day better ?
1185 23
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Hi , this is my first time posting a reply to something ( besides the welcome new member forum ) .
2,null,null,I feel uncomfortable replying to someone else when I do not feel like I have anything helpful to say , but
3,null,null,I really need to get some stuff out , so I will start here .
4,null,null,I am staying at my parents ' house right now for winter break ( I am in college ) .
5,null,null,I really wanted to come home
6,null,null,but now that I am here I think it was stupid of me to want to come home .
7,null,null,Being at home with no one
8,null,null,but my parents to talk to only fuels my depression .
9,null,null,My dad is the worst .
10,null,null,I feel like he is always judging me , and
11,null,null,I am a disappointment to him .
12,null,null,I feel lazy and immature .
13,null,null,I only have a few friends left here in my hometown , and
14,null,null,I barely talk to them .
15,null,null,The friend who I am closest to got a new boyfriend about a week ago , so she will not want to just hang out with me so much .
16,null,null,And I understand that .
17,null,null,The friends I am not so close to anymre , it is awkward talking to them .
18,null,null,it always just goes back to high - school .
19,null,null,So I am stuck home all day
20,null,null,and I do not feel like doing anything but watching TV and sleeping .
21,null,null,I feel awful .
22,null,null,There is so much more that I could say
23,null,null,but I will leave it for another post .
1186 26
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Love is what makes the ride worthwhile Without love , why suffer through anything at all ?
2,null,null,For what gain ?
3,null,null,I have had love , and
4,null,null,I lost love .
5,null,null,Love is so powerful a feeling , its a state of being .
6,null,null,A person always has within him to very different personalities .
7,null,null,That is you without love and while in love .
8,null,null,you
9,null,null,In love , I am full of goals , ideas ,
10,null,null,glass half full , my bank account may be low , but
11,null,null,it does not effect me .
12,null,null,I can deal with anything while in love .
13,null,null,I am more confident while in love .
14,null,null,I loved to buy her little gifts .
15,null,null,, make desserts for her , clean the room so she can relax after a long day , shower with her and wash her body , and of course fuck
16,null,null,Out of love .. I am still in love with her , but
17,null,null,we can no longer be together .
18,null,null,I am scared of the world now .
19,null,null,Constantly battling anxious thoughts and worries .
20,null,null,I spend my days now trying to stay above water , to not drown in the depression .
21,null,null,But no matter how well I swim that day , the pull is still my depressive state .
22,null,null,Everyday it is like I am staring into a black abyss that probably goes down infinitely .
23,null,null,It is hypnotic and
24,null,null,my main goal for the day is to pretend that this gaping exist actually does not exist within me .
25,null,null,So that is just what is been on my mind lately .
26,null,null,My new normal .
1187 11
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,What do i even do I am just laying here , crying .
2,null,null,I have a broken heart .
3,null,null,I have voices in my head constantly yelling at me .
4,null,null,I can not get her out of my head .
5,null,null,I just want to feel okay and feel loved .
6,null,null,All I do is try to be as nice and sweet as I can be
7,null,null,, all I do is try to treat everyone respectfully and be as good as I can be , but
8,null,null,all I do is get used , abused , degraded , yelled at
9,null,null,, I fucking hate it .
10,null,null,Someone just love me .
11,null,null,Just make me feel wanted and okay and happy fuck
1188 59
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,How can I get my finances back to a point where I can go to school or to a point where I do not hate my life ?
2,null,null,I guess some backstory .
3,null,null,I am 19 about to be 20 in September .
4,null,null,When I was in spring of 11th grade
5,null,null,my mom got sick ( Lupus or something , honestly she might be faking it
6,null,null,but that is a whole different post . )
7,null,null,Anyway she went to the hospital and .
8,null,null,was there for about a month
9,null,null,I ended up skipping a lot of school to be able to care for and do all the general house duties for my younger brothers .
10,null,null,( 11yrs old and 1yr old at the time . ) .
11,null,null,Things progress my mom misses a lot of work we end up moving with my grandma .
12,null,null,Now here is where shit really hits the fan .
13,null,null,So tensions build between my grandma and my mom because of my moms suspected prescription opiate and Benzo abuse .
14,null,null,Anyhow , dfchs gets involved ( not related to the drugs but about 4 months before I go to college and my moms health deteriorates seemingly out of nowhere .
15,null,null,that did not help )
16,null,null,So freshman and sophomore year
17,null,null,I am juggling trying to work to support myself , school , and helping my grandma take care of my brothers .
18,null,null,I thought I could handle it , I could not .
19,null,null,Of course my schoolwork suffered and
20,null,null,my gpa dropped below Hope eligibility .
21,null,null,So I tried to find a full time job , and
22,null,null,I did .
23,null,null,Then got laid off not too soon after due to budget cuts .
24,null,null,My first time experiencing adulthood .
25,null,null,Shortly after my car died and
26,null,null,my depression got to a dark place .
27,null,null,What followed is 3months of applying to anything I could reasonably walk to ( I was trying to search within 5miles ) because transportation in the part of Georgia
28,null,null,I was in
29,null,null,was a huge deal
30,null,null,and I could not get around .
31,null,null,No jobs responded .
32,null,null,Including the Walmart a mile away with a fucking hiring sign out front that I repeatedly went in to try and talk and build rapport with the managers .
33,null,null,During these 3 months I took out 3 credit cards and .
34,null,null,ended up maxing them out
35,null,null,I needed food and other essentials that I simply had no money for .
36,null,null,The depression kinda spiraled out of control .
37,null,null,I had a plan in place to hang myself but my friends
38,null,null,at the time took the rope I was going to use
39,null,null,and I was too broke to buy another .
40,null,null,My dad who has been in and out of my life .
41,null,null,Mostly out prior to this .
42,null,null,Invited me out to come stay with him and his family in LA while I tried to get myself together .
43,null,null,I am working hard
44,null,null,, I found a job here .
45,null,null,Retail but
46,null,null,it is a job .
47,null,null,I am waking up early , I am doing noFap and
48,null,null,I am working out 3x a week to try to keep my depression in check .
49,null,null,But despite all that , I want to kill die still .
50,null,null,I do not see a future where I am able to continue school .
51,null,null,Dfchs told me they could not help pay for college because I was not in for long enough before beginning college
52,null,null,but they had no fucking problem coming to my dorm and asking me questions and causing stress once a week .
53,null,null,I feel like I am barely supporting myself , and
54,null,null,honestly I have not talked to my brothers since the youngest ones birthday ( April 15th ) .
55,null,null,Because I feel like I failed them .
56,null,null,I have not talked to my grandma either because I feel like a disappointment .
57,null,null,And my mom keeps calling me every other month telling me she is gon na kill herself because she feels like nobody loves her .
58,null,null,Even through I bent over fucking backwards trying to help her by bringing my brothers to see her and making sure they could talk .
59,null,null,( My grandma and the rest of my moms family will not talk to her because she is cursed all of them out horribly when they tried to be there for her )
1189 12
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Most people on here seem to be so much more successful than I am
2,null,null,and i am really happy for them !
3,null,null,it is just that it makes me feel all the more worthless that i never had a job , a girlfriend / boyfriend
4,null,null,, i do not even really have friends , and there is probably some other stuff
5,null,null,but i ca nt remember it rn .
6,null,null,sometimes i tend towards these goals
7,null,null,bc
8,null,null,i hope it will make me happy , but
9,null,null,there are so many people out here who are so successful , who " have their life together " when you have an outsider is take , but who still are not alright .
10,null,null,really , what is the answer to life
11,null,null,( that is rhetorical , i am just venting , but .
12,null,null,thx for reading i guess )
1190 41
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I Just Want to Feel Normal
2,null,null,I will try to make this as short as possible , I swear ..
3,null,null,And please bear with me .
4,null,null,I know this is overwhelming and a lot is jumbled , but
5,null,null,I have no other outlet ..
6,null,null,I am so tired of living .
7,null,null,I am not suicidal by any means , and
8,null,null,I am not talking about ending my life or anything , but I am so TIRED of living in the mental state I am that in .
9,null,null,I can not afford a therapist , and
10,null,null,the ones that have been recommended because they work with your income are awful ..
11,null,null,My depression did not hit until after my first child was born almost three years ago .
12,null,null,Since then , I have been a WRECK , but .
13,null,null,have gotten much MUCH better over the course of the years
14,null,null,I have been on Celexa ( 60 mg ) for about a year which helped tremendously , but
15,null,null,had to do away wth it once I hit my third trimester of this pregnancy
16,null,null,( I am currently 21 weeks ) .
17,null,null,ALL OF THESE SYMPTOMS happened before I got pregnant a second time , and ..
18,null,null,have been intensified since becoming pregnant
19,null,null,I am constantly moody .
20,null,null,My emotions change with the drop of a hat .
21,null,null,I am constantly wondering why my husband stays with me ( he is a GREAT GREAT supporting , caring lover ) and
22,null,null,am always thinking he deserves better
23,null,null,I hate waking up on the weekends because I feel like I have no purpose
24,null,null,( my almost - three year old is pretty easy to manage despite being rambunctious )
25,null,null,I am too self conscious to even get out and do something if I know the place I want to go to will be crowded
26,null,null,I have NO motivation to do anything .
27,null,null,Walking to get some fresh air ?
28,null,null,Nope .
29,null,null,Getting out of the house just for a moment to change scenery ?
30,null,null,Not a chance .
31,null,null,Everything that I try to do
32,null,null,I have NO attention span to continue .
33,null,null,I ve tried reading , cross stitching , writing , adult coloring books , ANYTHING to make my life seem more interesting and pleasurable ..
34,null,null,and I just can not stick to anything .
35,null,null,I am sorry .
36,null,null,I know this post is all over the place .
37,null,null,I do not even know where to start .
38,null,null,I just wish that I had SOMEONE to talk to to set me straight Nd to encourage me .
39,null,null,My husband tries his best and
40,null,null,he does a GREAT job , but he has no idea
41,null,null,what it feels like ..
1191 16
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I just failed some classes and
2,null,null,now my family is disappointed in me .
3,null,null,I just ended the semester today and
4,null,null,I failed 2 out of my three classes
5,null,null,and now everyone in my family is looking down on me and .
6,null,null,talking about I used how to be so smart and That I am not now
7,null,null,At dinner , they were making jokes about how I am not gon na graduate and how I am not gon na get a job .
8,null,null,My mom knows about my depression and even my past suicide attempt and self - harm .
9,null,null,She just decides to brush it under the rug and act like it does not exist .
10,null,null,I tell her how I am trying my hardest and
11,null,null,how I gave it my all
12,null,null,and she is just thinking that I am lazy .
13,null,null,This is all bullshit .
14,null,null,I bet they could not last an hour trying to deal with
15,null,null,I deal will every day .
16,null,null,Fuck this .
1192 36
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am going to start with the apology .
2,null,null,To all my friends here , and everyone is , whether you have read anything I have written or not , I am so sorry that I have not been able to offer you support .
3,null,null,I get into your threads , and
4,null,null,the words just do not come .
5,null,null,Sometimes the best I can do is just a hi , I was here .
6,null,null,I will start the explanation , but
7,null,null,this thread may take me a week or so to finish , as I hate long posts , and it is so much effort to try and find the words .
8,null,null,I am in major trouble at work .
9,null,null,I am to blame ,
10,null,null,although someone I thought was a friend , complained about me -
11,null,null,I do not do enough work
12,null,null,, do not work fast enough , and and
13,null,null,do not work efficiently or accurately enough ,
14,null,null,she complained to the right person .
15,null,null,Let is get out of chronological order .
16,null,null,Due to weird circumstances , I went for about 3 months without medicines , and .
17,null,null,therapy
18,null,null,In November , I was at the bottom of a deep , dark pit ,
19,null,null,so called my psychiatrist , Barry .
20,null,null,Surprising for me , I went back with a new , improved attitude .
21,null,null,We would had a couple of productive sessions when annual reviews came out .
22,null,null,I called him for advice , and .
23,null,null,thought that while the advice he offered was good , that he was not being supportive at all
24,null,null,I actually thought about how to discuss with him how his response made me feel , rather than just shut him out .
25,null,null,We had a couple of excellent sessions , which apparently told him that something had triggered defensive coping skills , and where my mind actually was .
26,null,null,Ca not write anymore tonight , other than , Scarlet
27,null,null,, hang in there , you are in for the ride of your life .
28,null,null,You truly are going to be a fabulous mother
29,null,null,, trust me .
30,null,null,Jill , that snail - mail card almost gave me a heart attack .
31,null,null,You are beyond awesome , that you could reach out to me in the midst of your own problems .
32,null,null,I will write , appropriately .
33,null,null,Tiny , thank you .
34,null,null,Cat , is Boerne anywhere near you ?
35,null,null,Enough , thanks for reading .
36,null,null,love you all , deb
1193 14
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I really do not know what to do .
2,null,null,I have no reason to be sad
3,null,null,but I am .
4,null,null,It seems like more and more I want to cry .
5,null,null,I have a boyfriend and a loving mother
6,null,null,but I still cry myself to sleep at night .
7,null,null,I go to church
8,null,null,and I am not good in school but for the most part I enjoy going .
9,null,null,Please help .
10,null,null,I do not know what to do .
11,null,null,My mom says I have mood swings
12,null,null,and I have noticed that I can go from laughing one second to crying the next .
13,null,null,I am 15
14,null,null,and I just really need someone to explain how I am feeling to me .
1194 7
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Just wanted to let it out
2,null,null,I wanna kill myself .
3,null,null,I am seriously depressed
4,null,null,and I can not bring myself to trust in others and tell them .
5,null,null,Maybe because I can leave myself the option if no one knows to stop me if I want to go .
6,null,null,But for now , I guess I will keep hiding it .
7,null,null,It is nice to be able to say it though , even if no one on here sees it .
1195 9
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Falling in love with someone who does not feel the same way is the worst thing I have felt .
2,null,null,I have been struggling with depression for quite some time now , but
3,null,null,nothing has come close to how shit I feel now .
4,null,null,She was my closest friend , we shared everything together .
5,null,null,Now we havnt spoken to eachother in over a month
6,null,null,and it just amplifies my depressive thoughts .
7,null,null,I just can not get her out of my head .
8,null,null,There are so many things in my every day life that reminds me of her .
9,null,null,I just wish I could forget everything , just to end this suffering .
1196 18
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I got a job
2,null,null,and I made new friends I have been sitting on my ass for the last 3 years while my boyfriend supports us both because I could never face my anxiety of job interviews , etc .
3,null,null,Some days just getting out of bed is a victory for me .
4,null,null,I finally forced myself to try
5,null,null,and I got a job !
6,null,null,I have made two friends so far and
7,null,null,I do not totally hate living right now .
8,null,null,Making money and being able to help out is giving me a sense of self worth and
9,null,null,I have not felt like this in so long .
10,null,null,I am not trying to brag , I am just proud of myself and
11,null,null,no one around me really understands how big of a deal it is .
12,null,null,I tried taking a bunch of pills a few weeks ago
13,null,null,and I had no idea that I would be semi
14,null,null,( dare I say )
15,null,null,happy right now .
16,null,null,It can get better ladies and gents , you just have to wait for it , I guess .
17,null,null,Idk what I am saying
18,null,null,lol thank you for reading my babble
1197 16
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I will first tell you what happened just in case no one read the previous posts about it .
2,null,null,well I went camping with a friend
3,null,null,I did not want to go
4,null,null,and I hate her ..
5,null,null,I had a bit of alcohol and and
6,null,null,started passing out
7,null,null,my friend started touching me .. etc .
8,null,null,I feel sick every time I see her and fail to face her
9,null,null,anytime
10,null,null,I know she is near .
11,null,null,I confided in my 2 closest friends but
12,null,null,one of them do not understand at all .
13,null,null,she says I have to face my fears when I see her in school and dread walking past her or near her .
14,null,null,My friend does not realize that I feel physically sick and shaky when I am near her .
15,null,null,I just can not explain to her that it is not a phobia like spiders or what ever she truly annoys me
16,null,null,and I do not know what to do .
1198 11
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I m just one water molecule in a sea of depression
2,null,null,Nothing feels worthwhile to me anymore .
3,null,null,Things I used to enjoy are depressing .
4,null,null,Talking to someone about it is incredibly depressing .
5,null,null,At this point , I do nt even really see the point in this .
6,null,null,In just living in a loveless life in constant pain with nothing to look forward to .
7,null,null,But i m not special .
8,null,null,Other people who are more capable , moral , and intelligent and crestive are depressed and .
9,null,null,are deserving of your love and affection
10,null,null,They will probably make a recovery .
11,null,null,What are you waiting for ?
1199 43
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Everything has changed ..
2,null,null,About four years ago I was the typical loner .
3,null,null,I was in the middle school .
4,null,null,Nobody took me seriously , because my hobbies were not shared by anyone else .
5,null,null,I am from a small town , so
6,null,null,it was difficult for me to find someone who actually liked the things I did .
7,null,null,At the time I liked things like anime , video games and MLP .
8,null,null,I am a 19 year old lass now
9,null,null,and I only like video games now .
10,null,null,In the final grade of my middle school I met a girl .
11,null,null,She was about two years younger but .
12,null,null,liked the same things I did
13,null,null,I was so happy to finally meet someone like me .
14,null,null,We have bonded a lot and
15,null,null,she was the first person I truly loved , except for my family , of course .
16,null,null,About two years ago we started to get distant .
17,null,null,She kept talking to me about things I was uncomfortable with , but
18,null,null,whenever I tried to talk about something that bothered me , she told me she was busy and did not hear me out .
19,null,null,It escalated in June of 2016 .
20,null,null,I started talking to her friends , because they seemed like such wonderful people to me .
21,null,null,Then we met up , all of us .
22,null,null,She kept crying and making scenes .
23,null,null,Few weeks before that , she accused me of liking HER friends more than I liked her .
24,null,null,But when we all met , it seemed alright , save for her crying etc ..
25,null,null,When I got home the next day , she told me off .
26,null,null,Really badly .
27,null,null,She told me to go to hell , called me all sorts of names
28,null,null,and I feared ..
29,null,null,I feared I would never be able to find someone like her again .
30,null,null,I tried to end it .
31,null,null,Swallowed sleeping pills and .
32,null,null,drank alcohol
33,null,null,I woke up the next day in a hospital .
34,null,null,I woke up to a text from her .
35,null,null,One that said she wishes my mother was torn apart by the girl is dogs ..
36,null,null,It is been two years .
37,null,null,I have gotten better ,
38,null,null,met friends that helped me out a lot
39,null,null,and I will probably never be able to repay it .
40,null,null,But this past of mine , it still haunts me .
41,null,null,I do not think I will ever be able to trust someone like this again .
42,null,null,I have gotten so cynical and careless about everything ..
43,null,null,It still hurts .
1200 8
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am so lonely , but
2,null,null,I am not alone .
3,null,null,I do not have anyone who I can truly feel comfortable being myself around , or .
4,null,null,telling the truth about how I feel
5,null,null,I have friends , they are not superficial , in fact they are wonderful people .
6,null,null,I just can not let go from this facade that I have created - of this happy , easy going person .
7,null,null,I know they would not abandon me , yet
8,null,null,it is a fear that aches constantly .
1201 27
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am new to these boards
2,null,null,and I hope I am posting in the right spot ..
3,null,null,I have been diagnosed with major recurring depression since 1992 .
4,null,null,I have a host of chronic , painful auto - immune related diseases .
5,null,null,I am also trying to care for an ill family member who just got out of the hospital and had major surgery ( takes a year to recover from this surgery ) .
6,null,null,This family member is pretty much bedridden and .
7,null,null,needs to be bathed , fed , and cared for much the way a private duty nurse would
8,null,null,It is a daunting task for me under the circumstances .
9,null,null,Insurance will not pay for long term care and
10,null,null,we can not afford even the cheapest of help .
11,null,null,Hence , I am managing all of it alone .
12,null,null,Once in a blue moon , my in - laws will help but .
13,null,null,are very resentful on the rare occasion that I ask for help
14,null,null,My house is cluttered ( I saw that topic ) and I am not sure if its because I am so depressed or because I have been sick too much to take care of it .
15,null,null,I think perhaps its both .
16,null,null,I know that at least some of my depression is situational , but
17,null,null,I also know that some of it is not .
18,null,null,I am on medication , but
19,null,null,the medicines have never done a whole lot for me .
20,null,null,I have tried them all .
21,null,null,I was found to be " resistant " to medication .
22,null,null,Whatever that means .
23,null,null,I was hospitalized for a 3 month period in the 1990 .
24,null,null,is for suicide attempts
25,null,null,I guess what brought me here is that I feel like I am about to " crack " and am trying to find a way to avoid that .
26,null,null,I am hoping to get past this pain caused by this disease
27,null,null,I have so that I can get the energy back that I need to unclutter my house , have a genuine smile on my face when handling my nursing duties and get a hold on my life in general .
1202 20
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Is not love great ?
2,null,null,When my daughter was younger she wanted to marriage her daddy of course ( does not all little girls want to do that ) .
3,null,null,Before she started school , when she was in daycare centre , she had like 5 boys
4,null,null,or so she was " dating " .
5,null,null,After that she has not mentioned anything about boys being pretty or so in school , until ..
6,null,null,she married our rabbit !
7,null,null,lmao .
8,null,null,Yes you heard me , she had a couple of friends here and
9,null,null,they had a wedding ceremony .
10,null,null,I guess she got tired of it
11,null,null,cause
12,null,null,after that she likes somebody new .
13,null,null,Like every girl in her age she fell in love with a famous one , a singer .
14,null,null,( When i was her age
15,null,null,i was in love with a hockey player
16,null,null,but that is a different story).This
17,null,null,is him : Darin ! .
18,null,null,Was in Swedish Idol .
19,null,null,Psstt , she is over him now .
20,null,null,My daughter is so cute i love you
1203 34
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Having a really bad stretch of days ..
2,null,null,Hi all
3,null,null,, I know this sub moves kinda fast
4,null,null,but I just wanted to vent
5,null,null,, hopefully some of you read this ..
6,null,null,So my story is that I have had depression and social anxiety for about 15 years or so
7,null,null,( at least that is when I recall starting to feel " off " ..
8,null,null,I am 29 now ) ..
9,null,null,Because of my poor decision to bottle things up and accept that I am unhappy I put off seeking help until about a month or two ago in which I started going to therapy .
10,null,null,It had taken a rather bad mental fallout that occurred in early December for me to finally reach out for help .
11,null,null,In my sessions we have been working on techniques to combat both my SA and depression , these include going to places alone such as coffee shops , yoga classes , shopping malls , etc .
12,null,null,( Keep in mind
13,null,null,I have " functioning " social anxiety where I can physically be around people
14,null,null,but I am extremely uncomfortable the entire time and ) ..
15,null,null,have a very difficult time interacting with people
16,null,null,The thought process being that my depression stems from loneliness and my SA contributes to that ..
17,null,null,It is been a big step for me to try and go out on my own , but
18,null,null,I have been doing it almost every day even though it does not seem to be creating any improvement .
19,null,null,Unfortunately the last few days have been incredibly difficult , I am getting a very sick feeling of hopelessness and .
20,null,null,worry that my life is now just constantly shuffling around desperately trying to find something in the world that will " fix " me
21,null,null,I tried to sit at home last night to give myself a break
22,null,null,and I could not even do that
23,null,null,, I started becoming consumed by those bad thoughts and ..
24,null,null,began having a panic attack
25,null,null,So I decided to just go drive aimlessly even though we were in the middle of a snow storm ..
26,null,null,I feel miserable again today and
27,null,null,I am just running out of steam to keep going
28,null,null,, I really do not know what to do anymore ..
29,null,null,I am exhausted from constantly forcing myself into uncomfortable public situations but
30,null,null,at the same time my home feels like a prison ..
31,null,null,I have nobody to talk to or gain support from anymore ,
32,null,null,the couple of friends that I have all have their own lives with wives and kids and my family has been out of my life for 10 years and for good reason ..
33,null,null,I know nobody has answers as to what I should do
34,null,null,but I just needed to rant
1204 32
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I feel like a bit of a jerk posting here when I have not been around to support any of you , so I hope someone out there is feeling generous tonight .
2,null,null,My background story consists on being depressed on and off for the past 12 years or so , I am now 20 .
3,null,null,Finally started antidepressants in October .
4,null,null,By December the side effects were not stopping and
5,null,null,I stopped taking them because I always felt sick to my stomach ..
6,null,null,and a person can not work that way .
7,null,null,So I stopped them ..
8,null,null,I have not been to the doctor since and .
9,null,null,have been feeling on top of the world
10,null,null,Even my co - workers have noticed a big difference and
11,null,null,my manager has been giving me a lot of opportunity at work ( training new hires , being on committees etc )
12,null,null,But .. then today hit , .
13,null,null,like a ton of bricks to the head .
14,null,null,I am tired , cranky
15,null,null,, I ca nt stop crying and am trying very hard not to cut myself .
16,null,null,I hate everything and .
17,null,null,am just beside myself
18,null,null,I do not know what to do .
19,null,null,I have the energy from when i felt great
20,null,null,but I feel like crud and .
21,null,null,have no where to constructively place this energy
22,null,null,I do not think I can go back to my doctor ..
23,null,null,she will just tell me to take the drugs and stop whining .
24,null,null,I am not so sure I am depressed .
25,null,null,Maybe I am normal and
26,null,null,it is the rest of the world messed up ?
27,null,null,That is a whole other story though .
28,null,null,Can anyone here honestly say that medications work and you can be a functional person ?
29,null,null,I mean ..
30,null,null,will this ever end
31,null,null,so I can get some peace ?
32,null,null,Any opinions or insight would be appreciated .
1205 8
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Things not funny anymore ?
2,null,null,Not sure if anyone else can relate to this
3,null,null,but it seems as of late
4,null,null,I do not laugh anymore .
5,null,null,When I watch my favorite channels on YouTube
6,null,null,I just sit there silently , not laughing like I used to .
7,null,null,It is weird because these videos used to be my release
8,null,null,but now it is a chore to just get through them .
1206 15
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Does anyone drink daily ?
2,null,null,Worst year of my life .
3,null,null,I used to cut myself and alot of other destructive things(i .
4,null,null,have more or less stopped those things )
5,null,null,Things getting worse .
6,null,null,I m trying to get better / improve
7,null,null,but I just want a way to cope and feel better .
8,null,null,There s no need to suggest anything else .
9,null,null,I ve either tried it , wo nt try it because its not for me , or due to my circumstances ca nt do it .
10,null,null,I thought I could just start drinking again .
11,null,null,Atleast until things get better .
12,null,null,I m confident that I can stop if / when i need to i
13,null,null,m just thinking about the health effects .
14,null,null,Atleast i would legitimately be happy while i m drunk
15,null,null,so i would rather do that than say cutting myself or od'ing on medication .
1207 15
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,My First Real Episode Hey guys .. I just really need to word soup to get things out that have been on my mind that I have not shared with anyone close to me
2,null,null,, I feel as if this is the only way to fight this feeling of sadness .
3,null,null,So to start everything off , I never thought that I would be typing these words as I am now .
4,null,null,Not to say that I am ashamed of it , but .
5,null,null,just because I never felt I had anyone to share with
6,null,null,I never have felt like I was able to confide in my close friends or family because I do not want them to carry the burden of my troubles , and
7,null,null,I used to feel like it would just be a form of attention seeking to try and explain to others how I feel sometimes .
8,null,null,With that being said , I feel as if I truly hit my lowest of lows about an hour ago and the sad thing is that I can not really describe the feeling .. because all it felt like was just a severe sense of nothingness .
9,null,null,I felt as if I was experiencing an out of body sensation , and
10,null,null,my mind could not calculate any sense of emotion besides this feeling of dread that was accompanied by a warmth - like feeling starting from the back of my brain and slowly taking over my head .
11,null,null,It is been happening a lot lately during the night .. especially since I have been moderately sick lately and it feels like my body is giving up on me no matter what I try .. eating healthy and exercising only takes away the feelings of loneliness and sickness a little bit .
12,null,null,What really helps is interaction with others , whether it be watching live programs or being on xbox talking to people or being in chat rooms because it gives me a small sense of community and belonging that I lose when my mind is left alone to itself .
13,null,null,I know it sounds stupid , but
14,null,null,lately I have just been envisioning my feelings as the mind flayer monster from Stranger Things because it helps me make a little more sense of everything to a degree when I envision the feelings as something physical ..
15,null,null,I just wish it was a bit easier to find the focal point / issue that makes me this way to improve not only my life but also the lives of others around me .
1208 16
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am Helpless I am only 14 .
2,null,null,My brain has stopped trying .
3,null,null,It is like my brain can not comprehend anything anymore .
4,null,null,Be it science , language , history .
5,null,null,I can not comprehend anything .
6,null,null,When I read about these subjects , I just feel like I am staring at a piece of nothing .
7,null,null,It worries me because I think my apathy in life is going into my studies .
8,null,null,I can not help not comprehending what I learned .
9,null,null,I have an iq if 115 but .
10,null,null,do not feel like it
11,null,null,I feel robotic when doing my work and .
12,null,null,can not feel emotion
13,null,null,It is like my logical brain died with my emotional brain .
14,null,null,Now I am an unemotional , unintelligent human that is comparable to a zombie .
15,null,null,I feel like a mindless idiot now that I can not understand story is .
16,null,null,I am beginning to feel that my brain has died preventing me from formulating thoughts .
1209 9
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I did something that made me really happy .
2,null,null,After flunking a test , getting yelled at by a classmate .
3,null,null,sitting alone at lunch with incredible anxiety and
4,null,null,spilling milk on my uniform and having to go thru an hour long commute in a really hot day i get home feeling really overwhelmed with tons of homework
5,null,null,i remember feeling very numb at the time that I just decided to turn off all the lights in my dorm and got completely naked and played my ukelele .
6,null,null,i played my favourite song and
7,null,null,started crying and just sang at the top of my lungs sounding like a dying whale
8,null,null,and it lasted for like 2 hours
9,null,null,i could feel every bit of depression and anxiety slowly leak off my body until the water bill knocked on my door .
1210 13
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Consequences of being hospitalized ?
2,null,null,What are the legal ramifications of being hospitalized ?
3,null,null,I am sure it goes on some kind of record somewhere
4,null,null,but like where and who can see it ?
5,null,null,Employers ?
6,null,null,Do I lose any rights ?
7,null,null,I shoot targets for fun a lot , it is one of my few hobbies , but
8,null,null,if I am hospitalized do I lose my right to own a gun ?
9,null,null,Any other things that happen that I am not aware of ?
10,null,null,I have been suicidal
11,null,null,all week lied to my dr about it because I am afraid to be hospitalized .
12,null,null,But it is getting bad , I have a hard time thinking about anything else .
13,null,null,Help please !
1211 5
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Even if someone says something nice to me , I can not bring myself to believe it was genuine .
2,null,null,I can not wrap my head around the idea of someone actually believing anything positive about me .
3,null,null,To me they must be doing it out of pity .
4,null,null,Depression is like a filter .
5,null,null,Any incoming stimulus is just turned into something negative .
1212 35
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Anhedonia ..
2,null,null,anyone else experience it ?
3,null,null,I just want to vent and have some insight .
4,null,null,I never " fall " in love anymore .
5,null,null,I am lucky if I can even feel love .
6,null,null,My current boyfriend is so supportive , but
7,null,null,as the past few years of my life , just can not fall in love .
8,null,null,I do not feel the own love or .
9,null,null,care for my family or friends
10,null,null,I do not care if something happened to my friends , and
11,null,null,I do not care if I never see my loving , caring parents again for a long time , or ever .
12,null,null,I do not care to help friends or family with anything .
13,null,null,I have no passions in life .
14,null,null,I have no hobbies .
15,null,null,I am not passionate about my family , friends , work , school , boyfriend , hobbies , my Jeep , animals , etc ..
16,null,null,NOTHING excites me , brings me happiness or joy or peace .
17,null,null,OCD , anhedonia and depression control everything .
18,null,null,The only moments of Bliss I get are sometimes with my boyfriend
19,null,null,, I get giddy about thinking about our future , or .
20,null,null,seeing a selfie he sent me while at work and make me swell
21,null,null,Those are occasional , but .
22,null,null,the only thing I ever feel that is positive to a somewhat major degree
23,null,null,I think my new birth control ( first time on it ) has made my depression worse .
24,null,null,I do not believe in antidepressants for myself .
25,null,null,I have been stressed out so much I have lost a bunch of weight too .
26,null,null,Now that I have vented , I just do not want to feel alone .
27,null,null,I want this to go away .
28,null,null,I want to be excited to see my boyfriend at the end of the day , and .
29,null,null,excited for the day I may marry him
30,null,null,I want to have a hobby I am passionate about .
31,null,null,I want to go to work and be happy and thankful
32,null,null,I have a job that I do .
33,null,null,I want to feel love for my mom and dad .
34,null,null,Is anyone else like me out there ?
35,null,null,Does it ever get better ?
1213 18
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Does anyone else have friends that act like they like you but never text you to hang out or see how you are doing ?
2,null,null,I do not have a single friend who will text me to hang out .
3,null,null,I always have to start the conversation .
4,null,null,Every time we hang out though people seem to enjoy my presence .
5,null,null,I do not get it
6,null,null,why does no one like me , it feels like everyone is just acting nice but secretly hates me .
7,null,null,I try and , and
8,null,null,tell my friends to hang out after a rough week and a breakup
9,null,null,I just got blown off entirely .
10,null,null,I am really at a loss because no one gives a shit .
11,null,null,Edit :
12,null,null,For example I texted a friend of mine i have known since elementary school if he wanted to hang out .
13,null,null,He said sure and .
14,null,null,he would text me later
15,null,null,He never did .
16,null,null,I told literally one of my best friends I would been having a rough week and wanted to hang out .
17,null,null,He blew me off to hang out with someone else .
18,null,null,I really can not handle it .
1214 15
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,It feels like my friend does not care about me and is rubbing it in my face
2,null,null,So the only best friend I had planned out for weeks how she was going to do something behind my back then brag about it to me and .
3,null,null,make up stuff about what happened to make me jealous
4,null,null,I immediately found out that she was making stuff about it up but that kinda just made it worse .
5,null,null,It still bothers me a lot even though it happened in July
6,null,null,and it is still making me depressed .
7,null,null,I sort of stopped talking to her for a few weeks
8,null,null,but then when I felt like I could I refollowed her posts on facebook and nearly every single post
9,null,null,is like " I love my new best friend more than anyone else " not even exaggerating .
10,null,null,I tried to ignore it
11,null,null,but there were just constant posts like that
12,null,null,I just can not look at anything she posts anymore because some how it makes me more depressed and lowers my self image even more though it is already at zero .
13,null,null,Should I just completely move on ?
14,null,null,I feel like never talking to her again .
15,null,null,is my only option
1215 14
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Massively depressed and
2,null,null,looking for low - cost help
3,null,null,Hi there , I am not the type of person to turn to the internet for self - help , but
4,null,null,I am at a loss about what to do
5,null,null,and I feel like I have nowhere to turn .
6,null,null,I am 29 y / o F with a history of depression since age 14 .
7,null,null,I have been on and off about 3 - 4 different type of antidepressants and in and out of therapy since initial diagnosis , so
8,null,null,neither concept is really foreign to me .
9,null,null,I am looking for a low - cost way to talk about my symptoms , even an alternative to real " talk therapy " .
10,null,null,I was in a MSBP - type situation where as a young adult I was forced into therapy when I was not ready , and made to discuss what should have been patient protected information with my family after my sessions , so
11,null,null,I am hesitant to " get into " that again after the experience .
12,null,null,Advice ?
13,null,null,Help ?
14,null,null,Anything ?
1216 25
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Dear reddit , i need your help I have never had a good relationship with my family .
2,null,null,I am 15 / m and .
3,null,null,always seen by everyone as overly sensitive and feminine
4,null,null,Kinda makes my life harder .
5,null,null,I was recently diagnosed with depression after someone called a sub division of the Canadian child services because I was a suicide risk .
6,null,null,Right now I am on vacation in park city , Utah
7,null,null,I am the first and only one in my family with any sort
8,null,null,if nenral problems .
9,null,null,I end up freaking out on the inside and
10,null,null,my parents just tell me that this is the best part if my life and u should enjoy it .
11,null,null,Hesri g that makes me want to kill myself more than the usual amount because I know what torture it is to be alive and if this is the best it gets what is the point .
12,null,null,It is currently 12:32 and
13,null,null,I am in the basement after my brother kicked me out of my own bed .
14,null,null,I got about 5 mins of sleep before this happened and
15,null,null,the part that really pisses me off about it is the fact that I am an insomniac .
16,null,null,It is a miracle I get anything
17,null,null,and he just wakes me up .
18,null,null,My brother is 10 .
19,null,null,When he was 8 and 9 he would have tried to drown me multiple times and stab me once .
20,null,null,When my diagnosis came around he is been doing everything he can to.push me towards suicide .
21,null,null,I go to tell my friends about things that have been said to me and things that I am feeling and their response is always dude u have a gf do not be depressed or just what the fuck is wrong with u.
22,null,null,For the past year I have been dating around and .
23,null,null,just before coming here I got broken up with
24,null,null,It seems like the whole universe is against me
25,null,null,and I just need help
1217 7
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I feel like if anyone got to really know me they would find out I am weird and awkward
2,null,null,and they would stop wanting to be around me .
3,null,null,I am terrified of getting close to people , but
4,null,null,I want friends , so I keep doing this dance back and forth of trying to hang out with people then cutting contact before becoming friends .
5,null,null,As far back as I can remember , whenever I have tried to join a group conversation I have gotten weird looks , or people not understanding what I am saying .
6,null,null,I have learned that the less I say , the less awkward people will be around me , and
7,null,null,I hate it .
1218 26
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I do want to live ..
2,null,null,just not like this .
3,null,null,I remember when I used to be so happy at the world .
4,null,null,Full of opportunities , believed that you could be anything you wanted , yadda yadda yadda ..
5,null,null,But it is as if reality hit me with a shovel and said " no !
6,null,null,you can not be happy .
7,null,null,Be sad .
8,null,null," I can not stand how much of a failure I am , and .
9,null,null,how mediocre I am
10,null,null,I am the ugly friend and women .
11,null,null,ignore me
12,null,null,Online dating is a joke .
13,null,null,I hate my body with a burning passion .
14,null,null,I am bad at everything I do .
15,null,null,Every attempt to feel positive is met with a " no !
16,null,null,you can not feel like this , and
17,null,null,here is why " .
18,null,null,It is like my brain is set to the " negative " setting by default , and
19,null,null,I can not change it .
20,null,null,Then I just give up and .
21,null,null,let myself succumb to the self - hate
22,null,null,Just wish I was not so damn shit .
23,null,null,Wish I was not ugly .
24,null,null,Wish I had a body I was proud of .
25,null,null,Wish women did not look down on me like I have the plague .
26,null,null,Wish I had something to be proud of .
1219 29
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Ever just sit there and ?
2,null,null,wonder what is the point
3,null,null,Is it all really worth it ?
4,null,null,The hard work .
5,null,null,At the job , on you are self .
6,null,null,And whatever else .
7,null,null,I mean if this is all i m gon na be as a person even after all this hard work ..
8,null,null,what is the point .
9,null,null,At the end of the day the only thing i really end up looking forward to is sleeping .
10,null,null,It is honestly the only time I feel okay .
11,null,null,It is all gone when i sleep , I am at peace .
12,null,null,My mind is nt running through everything that makes me feel like trash .
13,null,null,Is it worth it to continue working as hard as i do at Work ?
14,null,null,All I ever do is get shafted or .
15,null,null,picked on
16,null,null,What about going to therapy , is it worth it to keep going ?
17,null,null,I mean
18,null,null,yeah , i have someone to vent to and
19,null,null,they listin to me .
20,null,null,They do not tell me things like , " you have no reason to feel this way " or things like that .
21,null,null,I mean i really do not see a way out of this place .
22,null,null,What am I gon na find to " make it go away
23,null,null," Some days are bearable , but
24,null,null,some days I just wish i could stay in my dreams all day .
25,null,null,Sleeping , no hurting .
26,null,null,Just ..
27,null,null,peace ..
28,null,null,If got a few new things to bring up to my therapist in two weeks i guess ..
29,null,null,Thanks for reading .
1220 5
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Do you use nostalgia to escape the present or uncertainty of the future ?
2,null,null,I have been on a nostalgic trip for awhile and
3,null,null,it makes me feel better , but then sad again when I come back to the present .
4,null,null,I have had quite an uncertain year since graduating , so maybe it is that quarter - life crisis .
5,null,null,Have you been through this phase ?
1221 9
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Why am I like this ?
2,null,null,Sometimes I feel really depressed , i think I am at the lowest of my life
3,null,null,and I can not do anything productive , I am so tired .
4,null,null,And , like , an hour after , I feel like my depression is not real and that I can do anything
5,null,null,and I feel good and .
6,null,null,see all the things I can do to feel better
7,null,null,But , not long after that , I fall back and
8,null,null,I am so tired again .
9,null,null,Is anyone else like this ?
1222 28
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,On the Verge of a Mental collapse
2,null,null,Hello everyone .
3,null,null,I hope we all make it out of depression .
4,null,null,I just want to post my feelings at this moment .
5,null,null,It feels as though I am on the verge of a breakdown .
6,null,null,My life is in a very sad place .
7,null,null,My parents are trying to keep upbeat and .
8,null,null,are hoping for the best
9,null,null,They know of my anxiety and depression .
10,null,null,My mom drove me today and
11,null,null,I did not talk at all because I was in one of those moods I get in .
12,null,null,I love my Mother a lot
13,null,null,and she is very dear to me .
14,null,null,I want to get out of this and become someone , but
15,null,null,it is very hard .
16,null,null,Anxiety has suffocated me
17,null,null,and I am afraid to go out in public due to feeling awkward and confidence issues .
18,null,null,I have been crying a lot because I have lost hope in myself .
19,null,null,When I look at pictures of myself or my family happy , I get emotional .
20,null,null,The years are flying by me
21,null,null,and I have no way to catch them .
22,null,null,I see everyone around me getting older
23,null,null,and I am getting extremely saddened by it .
24,null,null,My anxiety prevents me from going out in public
25,null,null,and I waste away my days .
26,null,null,My life is a mess right now .
27,null,null,Thank you to all who read this
28,null,null,and I hope the best for you all .
1223 14
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Anyone else just get set off into a spiral of bad thoughts from simple things like daydreams or a text from someone that seems like they are irritated at you ?
2,null,null,I start spiraling out of control into these negatives thoughts so often from even the smallest daydream that immediately turns corrupted .
3,null,null,I was in a good mood working today and
4,null,null,suddenly I daydreamed about the wrong things
5,null,null,and now I feel so heavy it is hard to work .
6,null,null,I clocked out early just to get away and get into bed
7,null,null,and I do not know what to do .
8,null,null,How do you guys handle overthinking ?
9,null,null,just typing this out makes me feel better but
10,null,null,what kind of exercises or routines can I use to just calm myself .. ?
11,null,null,EDIT :
12,null,null,You guys are amazing .
13,null,null,Thank you , I have taken all your advice into account .
14,null,null,I appreciate it all .
1224 11
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I do not even want to write this post
2,null,null,I just wish I had the fulfilling family experience like everyone of my other friends did .
3,null,null,But instead I got a drug addict mom and a emotional incompetent dad who I regularly got into emotional skirmishes a lot when I was younger .
4,null,null,I m the product of verbal abuse and emotional neglect and
5,null,null,it haunts to every single day of my life .
6,null,null,This affects me in ways like not being productive at all when I get close to deadlines , not being to emotionally relate to anyone because my internet sense of judgement and risk management are fucked up , I have self destructive tendencies that I use as coping mechanisms , I hop on the rollercoaster of life and hope and .
7,null,null,pray sometimes that it would fling me off the tracks
8,null,null,I do not even know if any of this makes sense because of the conflicting thoughts I am always having about whether or not I believe or do not believe that this life is worth living .
9,null,null,I am trying every single day , I am trying my hardest to keep it together , I am trying my absolute fucking hardest to keep moving forward
10,null,null,but I am consistently being stopped or .
11,null,null,held back by the dread and anguish of waking up to a life I do not even want that to fucking live
1225 34
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Wrote this poem today I am not sure , not sure I am not sure , not sure Do I want to live anymore ?
2,null,null,I am not sure , ?
3,null,null,not sure _ _ Is it worth it to hold on
4,null,null,Or should I let depression win ?
5,null,null,Should I let myself be gone ?
6,null,null,Or should I simply just go all in ?
7,null,null,_
8,null,null,_
9,null,null,I am not sure , ?
10,null,null,not sure I am not sure , not sure Do I want to live anymore
11,null,null,I am not sure ,
12,null,null,not sure _
13,null,null,_
14,null,null,Should I pretend all is fine ?
15,null,null,Or should I show them all the truth ?
16,null,null,Should I end this life of mine ?
17,null,null,Or see what waits beyond my youth ?
18,null,null,_
19,null,null,_
20,null,null,I am not sure , ?
21,null,null,not sure I am not sure , not sure Do I want to live anymore
22,null,null,I am not sure ,
23,null,null,not sure _
24,null,null,_
25,null,null,Should I find myself some hope ?
26,null,null,Or should I end it before long ?
27,null,null,Should I stop trying to cope ?
28,null,null,Could I prove my depression wrong ?
29,null,null,_
30,null,null,_
31,null,null,I am not sure , ?
32,null,null,not sure I am not sure , not sure Do I want to live anymore
33,null,null,I am not sure ,
34,null,null,not sure
1226 8
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Does anyone else feel really bad for people who work
2,null,null,dead end minimum wage jobs ?
3,null,null,I have worked 3 minimum wage jobs in the past few months .
4,null,null,I just can not stand being treated like I am replaceable and being worked to death for a small sum of money .
5,null,null,I finally had enough and .
6,null,null,am looking at going back to a computer science degree I dropped out that on a year ago
7,null,null,This got me thinking ?
8,null,null,, have any of you ever felt really bad for someone who has worked at a dead end job for 10 + years
1227 11
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Opening up to people is a waste of time .
2,null,null,Fuck this shit .
3,null,null,I am never opening up or .
4,null,null,talking about my feeling ever again
5,null,null,I will just let them die with me .
6,null,null,No one understands .
7,null,null,No one cares .
8,null,null,Everyone critisises you .
9,null,null,I will let them stay inside me and fucking .
10,null,null,go crazy
11,null,null,I will never ever tell anyone what I am feeling and my problems ever again .
1228 8
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I start my first job tommorow I have been a lurker here for a long time .
2,null,null,I am 19 m , and
3,null,null,I somehow finally got motivated enough to apply for and somehow qualify for a job .
4,null,null,College has been really up and down for me , but
5,null,null,somehow something good happened for once .
6,null,null,Idk
7,null,null,I just wanted to share , I am super nervous but
8,null,null,I thought some of you might be able to relate to how much this simple thing means to me .
1229 25
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Debunking stigma
2,null,null,Everybody who questions psychiatry often gets the response you are stigmatising people with mental health issues
3,null,null,What is more stigmatising ?
4,null,null,Telling people they have biologically broken brains with insufficient brain chemistry , and bad genes ?
5,null,null,Psychiatrists / psychotherapist within the biopsycho model of human emotions ,
6,null,null,only drug , or involuntarily hopstialise people Telling people
7,null,null,they can not overcome their problems with life due to their bad brain which does not operate correctly and
8,null,null,the only thing they can do is take a psychiatric drug ?
9,null,null,Subjecting people to isolation and and
10,null,null,distancing themselves from people as different due to mental illness and subjugating the norm from the mentally ill subjecting people to drug trials they have ended up in suicide and mass homocide , all for the progress of psychiatric medicine Telling people that they have biological genetic brain diseases like schizophrenia
11,null,null,they will never really live a normal life .
12,null,null,Yet we are the stigmatisers ?
13,null,null,YOU'RE
14,null,null,the one who solicitates a lawyer when you have tried a psychiatric drug that almost made you kill yourself now you want to fight psychiatry
15,null,null,but you are okay with kids being chemically lobotomised on Ritalin ?
16,null,null,How many more expansions of diagnosis in the dsm ?
17,null,null,does it have to be to wake you sheeples up that Collectivising human behaviour and giving them a label of disease with symtomps does it have to be to tell you that these behaviours are not found through cellular pathology , brain scans , blood tests , or some medical diagnostic criteria ?
18,null,null,How many more deaths , school shootings , senseless violence , suicide by the administration of drugs ?
19,null,null,Will it have to be to wake you people up
20,null,null,that psychiatry has killed more people throughout the entire history of the world than the Jewish halocaust ?
21,null,null,It is time to wake up and see that the stigma of mental illness is just psychiatric propaganda to deflect all the damage and life is runid by their tortuous domain and authoritarian political reign .
22,null,null,Wearing a badge upon your head saying I am bipolar is self deprecative as you have surrended your mental factilites and human experience / emotion for the NIMH who have admitted you can not define mental illness and want to use you as some priori for the campaigns to sell treatment therapy and drugs .
23,null,null,Own titles
24,null,null,like I beat depression
25,null,null,I beat bipolar not resigning yourself to a pathetic existence of numbing your emotions and dying 20 years younger on psychiatric drugs .
1230 6
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Afraid to post my own comments / opinions on social media .
2,null,null,I am just realizing that all of the social medias I have or use (
3,null,null,IG/ Twitter , )
4,null,null,Tumblr , Reddit and so on
5,null,null,I only repost / like other users posts and rarely post my own ..
6,null,null,Idk seems like I am afraid of what others think of me and that I am insecure about something
1231 28
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Depression and
2,null,null,grief
3,null,null,I am a 28 yr old M , who has been diagnosed with treatment resistant MDD from the age of 16 .
4,null,null,Recently , I was attempting to get into a ketamine study in a NYC hospital and .
5,null,null,was asked a number of questions about my background
6,null,null,One item which came up that I have not thought about in a while was the specifics of my uncles suicide when I was around 13 .
7,null,null,My uncle was a 28 yr old gay M , developed HIV and killed himself .
8,null,null,Though this is not what I was initially told .
9,null,null,It took around 10 years with every year or so getting a new piece of information .
10,null,null,Initially I was told he had cancer and died .
11,null,null,Then I was told he had cancer and my grandparents " pulled the plug " .
12,null,null,Then I was told he was gay , had cancer , and my grandparents " pulled the plug " .
13,null,null,Then I was told he was gay , had HIV , and
14,null,null,my grandparents " pulled the plug " .
15,null,null,Then , finally , I was told he was gay , had HIV and killed himself .
16,null,null,I think I secretly had an understanding of how he had killed himself even when I was a kid and was not told due to subtle hints that kids will typically pick up on .
17,null,null,Even if I did not , I always had the feeling that something was wrong and that my parents were not truthful .
18,null,null,After discussing his death for two hours for the study , I realized that the depression I have been feeling for over 12 years is so similar to the feeling I get when I think of my uncle .
19,null,null,Intense grief .
20,null,null,I delved into the feeling more and .
21,null,null,have not been able to stop crying for the past few days about my uncle
22,null,null,Does this make sense from a psychological stand point to be greiving for this long ?
23,null,null,I know there is no time limit on emotions
24,null,null,but does it make sense for my depression to be as a result of shoving down his death and holding onto it for all this time ?
25,null,null,I would love to hear some thoughts and opinions .
26,null,null,I do nt know exactly what I am looking for by posting this
27,null,null,but I have really been struggling with the emotions I have been having and .
28,null,null,would appreciate some guidance and if not , some affirmation
1232 12
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I keep filling the void with unhealthy relationships
2,null,null,I am so frustrated with myself .
3,null,null,In the last 3 years I feel like I have burned through so many relationships .
4,null,null,Some I have dated for 6 months and some for only a few weeks .
5,null,null,Everytime I get close to a guy friend they end up wanting more from me , relationship - wise .
6,null,null,I have such a hard time saying no to people
7,null,null,and I just try to make shit work because I get scared of losing them .
8,null,null,It is never really the same after you have dated or tried to be more then friends .
9,null,null,I just want to stop filling my life up with these people , trying to make myself feel better in the moment .
10,null,null,I keep craving what happiness they give me , because I am just so fucking tired of feeling like a sad , unless piece of shit all the time .
11,null,null,It is an addiction and
12,null,null,it is ruining me .
1233 53
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I made it so much worse
2,null,null,Hey guys , have not been on reddit long , or
3,null,null,this subreddit either .
4,null,null,Never intended to post something , but
5,null,null,recent events have changed that .
6,null,null,So , I will start with some background , I am a 17 year old high school student .
7,null,null,My best friend is 17 too , ( Who will be referred to as Golf from now on )
8,null,null,We did not even know each other before the school year started , but
9,null,null,we had a couple mutual friends
10,null,null,and we just .. connected .
11,null,null,It is one of those friendships where it does not really make sense , to anyone , let alone either of us , it is like we are family .
12,null,null,It is the only way I can describe it .
13,null,null,Anyway , we are dipshit high schoolers , so we joke about depression and suicide in our friend group .
14,null,null,The group knows Golf has depression , they have no clue about mine though .
15,null,null,Anyway , when I started hanging out with him
16,null,null,I did what I have been doing for a year and a half .
17,null,null,Joking about my depression and .
18,null,null,making jokes about offing myself
19,null,null,I did not know Golf had it until a couple months ago , but
20,null,null,soon after we started hanging out he started joking about it too .
21,null,null,Well he got reported to the counseling center , a couple of times in fact .
22,null,null,But they are honestly useless , so
23,null,null,it did not help .
24,null,null,It came to a head last night when the group basically kidnapped him and forced him to go to a hospital .
25,null,null,They did not tell me for whatever reason .
26,null,null,I still have not figured out why .
27,null,null,But eventually I got there .
28,null,null,The night is a blur from there , I did not eat anything since breakfast , and
29,null,null,that was noodles .
30,null,null,As I am just now typing this I realize that I am at around 30 hours without food now .
31,null,null,But that is not important .
32,null,null,I did my best to be there for Golf .
33,null,null,He went home safe with his parents and .
34,null,null,is going to go to therapy / counseling
35,null,null,It was an awful day yesterday , a couple of events made Golf is depression way worse for him .
36,null,null,I am glad we got him to the hospital before he hurt himself .
37,null,null,But it is my fault , I know it is .
38,null,null,I do not need you guys telling me how it is not either .
39,null,null,You wo nt change my mind .
40,null,null,It is my fault , I taught him that suicide and depression could be treated as a joke .
41,null,null,I made it worse .
42,null,null,I hate myself for it .
43,null,null,I do not know what to do .
44,null,null,Hell , I do not know why I made this post at all .
45,null,null,I do not know if I want advice , or vent , or see if there is someone else out there who has gone through something like this .
46,null,null,Right now he is on a trip with his mom and dad golfing .
47,null,null,Golf ( the activity ) is one of the few things he enjoys .
48,null,null,All I want to do is lay in my bed and .
49,null,null,not exist in the outside world for the rest of spring break
50,null,null,I do not want to take any attention away from Golf .
51,null,null,He deserves it more than I do .
52,null,null,I just do not know what to do anymore .
53,null,null,( I am sorry for the rambling and any punctuation / grammar errors ) .
1234 26
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Just wanted to share Hey , first time posting here .
2,null,null,Just wanted to talk to someone there since is not really any option irl .
3,null,null,I just kind of threw away all the good prospects in my life over the course of a week and .
4,null,null,have been feeling like a piece of crap
5,null,null,Probably not news to anyone here , that is how it usually goes .
6,null,null,But tonight I feel okay .
7,null,null,I recently decided just to drop everything and run away ( not the first time I have done it , I have gotten good at it actually ) and .
8,null,null,have been just sitting while I wait for finances to become ready
9,null,null,This is a record low point in my life , but
10,null,null,tonight I changed how I feel about it by just getting some chores done , getting drunk , and treating myself the way I wish other people would treat me .
11,null,null,I am talking booze and
12,null,null,watching horrible telivision from the 80 is
13,null,null,And it dawns on me that I will get another chance .
14,null,null,I may have fucked things up this time
15,null,null,but I have bounced back from fuckups before by just acting natural
16,null,null,so I am probably going to do so again .
17,null,null,There will be more chances to treat people the way I want to be treated no matter what age I get to .
18,null,null,I do not need someone to be nice to me , all I have ever needed in life is just to be nice to other people .
19,null,null,It is a silly sentiment but
20,null,null,it is all I got right now
21,null,null,, I hope it reaches someone else who can benefit from hearing it .
22,null,null,If you pray , pray for me in the next three months because it is all I got .
23,null,null,Ask me for some nice nice words
24,null,null,and I will give some to you as personally as I can .
25,null,null,Things get better when you are kind to others .
26,null,null,No matter what the haters might tell you .
1235 13
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I have come undone
2,null,null,I am constantly tired , lack care for anything and
3,null,null,suicidal thoughts rush through my head almost everyday .
4,null,null,My depression is negatively impacting my relationship .
5,null,null,She understands what I am going through and try is to be supportive , but
6,null,null,I constantly make actions that push her away .
7,null,null,I enjoy hanging out in groups
8,null,null,so I can just fade away without anyone really noticing to much ( compared to one on one ) .
9,null,null,I really can not live like this .
10,null,null,Things are far from the worst they have been
11,null,null,but i can feel things sinking and sinking .
12,null,null,When I feel things going up
13,null,null,it just ends up sinking further .
1236 10
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Making friends ..
2,null,null,Literally one of the hardest things ever .
3,null,null,If you have not found a group in middle school , you literally have to make friends with everyone in the group .
4,null,null,And then , entertain them and .
5,null,null,convince them you are interesting for literally a year on end
6,null,null,Then , I imagine you have a shot of getting invited somewhere .
7,null,null,I am not a fucking magician , I can not keep you entertained consistently for that long .
8,null,null,And these people never reciprocate the effort you put in because they have a group and you do not .
9,null,null,I got ta work 10 times as hard because I did not get lucky in middle school like these guys ..
10,null,null,lol ..
1237 9
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Sigh .
2,null,null,Sometimes I just want to fall asleep peacefully to my music , and .
3,null,null,never wake up
4,null,null,Sometimes I just want someone to talk to and get my mind off things .
5,null,null,I complain too much , and
6,null,null,I feel like a burden to them .
7,null,null,There is only one person who understands , but
8,null,null,he will forget me .
9,null,null,Once that happens Ill be back to living my pathetic life again .
1238 15
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Being told by my brother making friends is not that hard for someone my age bothers me every time I think about it
2,null,null,It is pretty damn hard when I have no hobbies to relate to anyone except stay in my room on my computer because I would rather just be away from everyone
3,null,null,so I do not make it hard on them .
4,null,null,And being told to go to clubs by my parents .
5,null,null,I just feel more of a disappointment when I tell them there is nothing I am interested in and that I also am too afraid to still be alone when I join one .
6,null,null,I have done everything I could in my life to try to fit in or make new friends , and
7,null,null,there is a reason why I have no motivation to try any of these anymore .
8,null,null,And then they say it would not hurt trying .
9,null,null,That could not be any further from the truth .
10,null,null,If I try to fit in again and still do not have anyone to talk to , I am gon na hate my life even more .
11,null,null,It is like I am trapped .
12,null,null,I can not do anything to please me .
13,null,null,One day I want friends , then the next I do not want anybody at my school to bother me because I know they do not really want me to be there friend .
14,null,null,Why does depression always put you in a trap that you can not get out of ?
15,null,null,There is no solution except accept your problem and just be an introvert and ignore everyone .
1239 9
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I starve myself When I get depressed , I just can not eat .
2,null,null,Everything sounds so gross and eating
3,null,null,just seems difficult .
4,null,null,I am a very small person , 5'4 and 100 pounds .
5,null,null,It is something I am self conscious about but
6,null,null,weight gain has always been a struggle for me .
7,null,null,I will go through periods where I am doing well and eat 3x a day and manage to put on a few pounds , but
8,null,null,then something happens and I slip back into my old ways and the weight falls right back off .
9,null,null,Does anyone else do this ?
1240 14
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I try so hard to care for other people .
2,null,null,Why does nobody care about me ?
3,null,null,I spent hours trying to cheer up my friend a couple days ago about her family issues .
4,null,null,I messaged her today about my depression and
5,null,null,she ignored me .
6,null,null,Why ?
7,null,null,Why am I not good enough ?
8,null,null,Why do people say they care when they do not ?
9,null,null,People only like me for what I can give them .
10,null,null,When I can give them support and .
11,null,null,be a good friend they like me
12,null,null,But I am not good enough to warrant anything in return I guess .
13,null,null,I help my friends when they are sad .
14,null,null,Why does nobody want to help me ?
1241 36
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,It is hard to keep standing up , keep fighting , and get down each time .
2,null,null,I just want it to end I am done .
3,null,null,Hard work does not pay off .
4,null,null,Ever since I was 14
5,null,null,I felt depressed and
6,null,null,like I am not good enough .
7,null,null,I felt like it was my own fault that I felt so sad and angry and that I was not good enough for other people .
8,null,null,One day I decided that if it we are my own fault
9,null,null,I felt that way
10,null,null,then I could also improve my situation .
11,null,null,Al my negative emotions went into working hard .
12,null,null,I finished my studies ( not by working hard , but .
13,null,null,because I was good at it ) and put all negative emotions into working out
14,null,null,I got accepted into a difficult job at the Army .
15,null,null,Now I quit the Army because of an injury in my knees .
16,null,null,At the same time I lost a girl , even though we only went on one date , I thought she could be the one positive thing to take from the Army and all the hard work I put in to get into the Army .
17,null,null,So what is my situation now ?
18,null,null,Jobless , girls still despise me ,
19,null,null,have a degree with which I can not find a job with and
20,null,null,all the work I put into improving my situation was for nothing .
21,null,null,While trying to improvie myself and during my studies and time at the Army
22,null,null,I still had periods where I felt very down .
23,null,null,It just becomes harder and harder and harder to crawl out of it every time .
24,null,null,The negative voices and feelings are too much and
25,null,null,getting up to fight just becomes impossible .
26,null,null,I had the power once to get up and try to fight .
27,null,null,Now I do not even have the power to suicide .
28,null,null,But I just wish it was all over .
29,null,null,Eventhough
30,null,null,it feels useless
31,null,null,I might go to a psychologist .
32,null,null,How has it helped you guys ?
33,null,null,I wa not to end it all
34,null,null,but I do not want to end it all .
35,null,null,I do not know .
36,null,null,I feel lost and sinking deeper every damn time .
1242 7
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Have no life I feel like as if I have no life besides the fantasies I have created in my head .
2,null,null,I picture myself in a couple years as this perfect happy person with a booming social life and a good job .
3,null,null,I create scenarios where everything is just perfect
4,null,null,and everybody loves me .
5,null,null,It makes me happy to daydream about this but
6,null,null,certain stuff happens and I realize how I am in real life .
7,null,null,Just makes me sad
1243 18
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,How do I deal with feeling worthless ?
2,null,null,I have had a bad day and
3,null,null,this is on top of just a long few years of my life where I can not remember the last time I have truly been happy .
4,null,null,I have a few friends but
5,null,null,the more my life has gone on ,
6,null,null,the more I have realized certain dislikings i have towards them .
7,null,null,I want to meet new people and do new things , something that my friends are not interested in or do not have time for .
8,null,null,I am as bad as you could imagine when it comes to making new friends because I can be really socially awkward
9,null,null,and I am convinced that few other people share specific interests that I would look for in friends or a girlfriend .
10,null,null,I have few ( if any ) aspirations in life
11,null,null,and I just feel like I am drifting through life without any idea what I want .
12,null,null,I do not feel like I have accomplished much in my life , I am in college but
13,null,null,I have never held a job before
14,null,null,and I am hardly passionate enough about a career to really be interested to want to pursue it .
15,null,null,Maybe this sounds like a really pathetic post
16,null,null,but I honestly do not know what to do .
17,null,null,I just feel alone and .
18,null,null,unmotivated to do anything in life
1244 11
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,college-
2,null,null,medical withdrawal for a semester
3,null,null,Okay , so I am thinking about either doing a course load reduction or a medical withdrawal due to my anxiety and depression .
4,null,null,I have already contacted my academic advisor and the financial aid office , but
5,null,null,I honestly have no idea whether everything will work out or not .
6,null,null,If I manage to get a course load reduction , does anyone have any ideas for things I can do to help myself get better during this semester ?
7,null,null,If it ends up not working out , does anyone know about other ways I can go about making this semester less stressful ?
8,null,null,For background , I have a scholarship for tuition for the next two years and
9,null,null,I am terrified as fuck that I will lose that if I get a course load reduction .
10,null,null,Also , my parents basically do not know what mental health is
11,null,null,so there is no way I can talk to them about it .
1245 6
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,You can not be whatever you want to be No matter how hard you try , if your goals are too high , you will not achieve them .
2,null,null,You will never be a famous athlete , or writer or successful businessman .
3,null,null,All you will ever be , is a beast of burden for this sadistic , torturous farce that is life .
4,null,null,I know that , now .
5,null,null,I am getting off the ride ,
6,null,null,get out while you still can
1246 32
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Women ignore me , even here , they think I am unworthy or too ugly to be helped .
2,null,null,I even have the stats to prove it .
3,null,null,Why am I so undeserving of love ?
4,null,null,I made a post yesterday today asking for help as to why I am undatable and why no women wants to go out with me .
5,null,null,I got 450 + views and only 6 comments , only 1 of which was from a woman .
6,null,null,Everyone else was a male who either tried to give some advice or made fun of me .
7,null,null,Here is proof : So if 250 women viewed my profile , only one person tried to say something .
8,null,null,Everyone else ignored me .
9,null,null,1/250 .
10,null,null,249/250 women think I am ugly or not worthy of a relationship .
11,null,null,Think about that .
12,null,null,That is how unwanted I am .
13,null,null,What if every 3 minutes , someone told you " you are ugly , no one wants you , no one cares for you , and you will die forever alone " ?
14,null,null,That is the life I might as well live in .
15,null,null,Let is not also forget the people that made fun of me too .
16,null,null,I mean , what do you want me to do to get your replies , ladies ?
17,null,null,Do you want me to give you gold ?
18,null,null,Will that incentivize you to reply ?
19,null,null,The sidebar says " A supportive space for anyone struggling with depression . "
20,null,null,and yet people make fun of me
21,null,null,, do not want to help , and .
22,null,null,call me ugly
23,null,null,I guess I am that hopeless .
24,null,null,Am I really a human anymore ?
25,null,null,It is human to fall in love and get into relationships and have sex and whatnot with your SO .
26,null,null,It is human to even hookup with people .
27,null,null,I am not qualified to be a human apparently .
28,null,null,I bet most people my age have had 3 - 4 SOs , and
29,null,null,I have had a big fat 0 .
30,null,null,Even other people with anxiety and depression can get into relationships , when other people see them , their mental illness makes them want to care for them , but for me , they run away .
31,null,null,It is apparent in this subreddit too .
32,null,null,Not even worthy of being spoken to from a woman .
1247 10
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,How do you get a job after over a year of unemployment ?
2,null,null,F early 20s .
3,null,null,I never finished college .
4,null,null,, came home , and I have been so depressed that I have not done anything since I left school in 2016
5,null,null,I am a really hard worker and
6,null,null,I have always been liked by my bosses , but I do not feel comfortable giving references because any part time jobs
7,null,null,I have had I kind of - just - abandoned .
8,null,null,I would get to a point where I could not handle the social anxiety and depression and my job would call me to see if I wanted to come back during a break from school
9,null,null,and I would never call back .
10,null,null,Now I am in this weird limbo that I do not know how to get out of because I basically do not have any credentials or references and there is a massive gap in my resume that I can not explain .
1248 9
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Today is my birthday .
2,null,null,I mostly spent the day alone .
3,null,null,I got a few more happy birthday messages than expected
4,null,null,so that is nice
5,null,null,I guess .
6,null,null,Otherwise , it felt like a normal day , though a bit sadder because I feel like I am expected to be happy
7,null,null,but I am not .
8,null,null,From now on , I am gon na stop hoping my next birthday will be better like I usually do .
9,null,null,It is just disappointing and depressing .
1249 9
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Feeling drugged and crushing anxiety
2,null,null,This post is not unlike the others in this sub .
3,null,null,Today i m struggling , i ve been struggling for years
4,null,null,but today its worse .
5,null,null,The depression is so bad that i feel drugged .
6,null,null,My head feels too heavy for my neck to carry .
7,null,null,My anxiety is crushing my chest .
8,null,null,How much longer will this continue ?
9,null,null,Where do i get the energy to keep going ?
1250 4
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Is it bad that I understand why people feel the need to end it ?
2,null,null,Everything is so heavy right now that I feel like I understand why people do it .
3,null,null,I do not want to myself
4,null,null,, I can and will fight this , but it is just so defeating at times .
1251 18
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am just not fucking good enough .
2,null,null,My parents fucking hate me , just a few hours ago
3,null,null,they were fucking ranting about how I am not pulling my weight and about how my grades are failing
4,null,null,and I am a failure by extension , my friends are slowly jumping ship one by one because I am not mentally stable and nobody actually fucking cares .
5,null,null,I am ugly as hell , my face can be described as if Satan sneered his shit on the earth , I am probably stupid , and
6,null,null,everyone I know would be better off without me .
7,null,null,The three people who actually fucking cared about me are fucking dead because of me
8,null,null,One of my two best friends died in a car crash because he was getting me a stupid birthday gift
9,null,null,, my other best friend killed her self because I let my guard down and was not there when she needed it , and my aunt drug overdosed two weeks ago
10,null,null,, she would not have been on them if I had not put that unnecessary stress on her
11,null,null,My grades are fucked , I am fuckin stupid , I am goddamn hideous , and
12,null,null,I fuck up everything I see
13,null,null,, I finally see why nobody fucking wants me , I am just a fucking burden to everyone I know , and every time I attempt suicide
14,null,null,I fuck it up
15,null,null,cuz
16,null,null,I am a fucking moron ..
17,null,null,my therapy did not work , antidepressants made me feel worse , I guess I am a hopeless human being .
18,null,null,I mean I do not deserve to be loved or cared about , when there are so many other people who are smarter better and more mentally stable than I am .
1252 16
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,When I lie in bed , I look forward to living in the dream world inside of my head .
2,null,null,There , I am the person I have always wanted to be .
3,null,null,I am loved , .
4,null,null,safe , and happy
5,null,null,But when morning comes and I wake up , reality sinks in like a brick .
6,null,null,My youth is gone and
7,null,null,I am still a failure , and I wish I never woke up .
8,null,null,I have tried so hard through most of my life to feel accomplished , to live a life I can be proud of .
9,null,null,To love and .
10,null,null,be loved
11,null,null,But every day is another act of failure and rejection .
12,null,null,The days get heavier and heavier .
13,null,null,I have run out of strength .
14,null,null,I want to stay in my bed .
15,null,null,I want to stay in my dream world .
16,null,null,I really , really do not want to wake up .
1253 37
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,A poem to vent
2,null,null,So lately I have been unable to write at all .
3,null,null,So I decided that if I can not get the inspiration , I am writing about why I can not get this inspiration , and instead of writing another dadaistic poem I tried to do something you guys might like , so I want to share it .
4,null,null,inb4 :
5,null,null,This is the first poem I am writing in english
6,null,null,so
7,null,null,yeah .
8,null,null,I hope you enjoy it , even though I could not think of a title
9,null,null,*
10,null,null,*
11,null,null,Goddamn Shit
12,null,null,*
13,null,null,*
14,null,null,No Focus on Nothing
15,null,null,Nothing stays in Focus
16,null,null,Why the fuck can not I be somebody else is Focus
17,null,null,*
18,null,null,*
19,null,null,When I start to write
20,null,null,My whole mind goes white
21,null,null," You wann ' cry tonight ?
22,null,null," I wish I could tonight
23,null,null,*
24,null,null,*
25,null,null,I can not wait to sleep
26,null,null,But I am afraid of dreams
27,null,null,The thought of morrow makes my mind go scream
28,null,null,*
29,null,null,*
30,null,null,Cold sheets , I wait to sleep Everyday , everyday , repeat .
31,null,null,*
32,null,null,*
33,null,null,So that is it
34,null,null,, I hope you have enjoyed it , I would reeaally appreciate any feedback on it , and
35,null,null,I hope that you are having a great week !
36,null,null,EDIT :
37,null,null,Formatting is hard ok
1254 30
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Reddit Secret Santa Saved My Life
2,null,null,.. I want to begin this by saying that I have been in a really dark place recently .
3,null,null,Combination of family issues , breakup , and finals put me in a really depressive state .
4,null,null,As a result , I would been having strong suicidal thoughts for weeks .
5,null,null,I had been seriously thinking about ending my own life .
6,null,null,So that is the context in which this occurs .
7,null,null,About a month ago I signed up for secret santa on a whim .
8,null,null,I had never done it before and .
9,null,null,honestly did not expect anything
10,null,null,But yesterday , my gift arrived .
11,null,null,I do not know who this person is , but
12,null,null,they spent at least $ 150 dollars on about 6 separate gifts .
13,null,null,They also included a really thoughtful and touching letter that talked about how they thought I was such a great person and how much they enjoyed learning about me .
14,null,null,I immediately broke down crying upon reading it .
15,null,null,It might seem small or sorta stupid , but
16,null,null,it made me feel like someone cared about me .
17,null,null,That I was not the idiotic nobody
18,null,null,my depression tells me I am all of the time .
19,null,null,I felt motivated and happy for the first time in weeks .
20,null,null,I cleaned my room and .
21,null,null,did work that I would been ignoring for months
22,null,null,I finally felt like maybe
23,null,null,, just maybe , I meant something .
24,null,null,It changed my life , and .
25,null,null,probably saved it
26,null,null,So whoever you are , thank you so much , and
27,null,null,I can not express how much this meant to me or thank you enough .
28,null,null,And let this be a lesson to everyone else .
29,null,null,The smallest act can and does make a difference .
30,null,null,Let is all try and use the Christmas season to ensure everyone feels a little more loved .
1255 17
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,[ Need Advice ] Need anti depressants but
2,null,null,I do not want my mum to know about it .
3,null,null,Hello guys , I am 17 and
4,null,null,I live in Singapore with my Mum .
5,null,null,I have been depressed on and off for the past 5 years with serious suicidal thoughts for the last 4 .
6,null,null,I really think that it is time that I start anti depressants because I reckon it would help me tons .
7,null,null,The problem is , I do not want my mum to know because the last time I opened up about being slightly suicidal and very depressed , she freaked out on me ( do not need to get into details . )
8,null,null,She has had a history with it herself and
9,null,null,I know that if i ever took my life , it would permanently ruin her .
10,null,null,At this point , medication is my last resort .
11,null,null,I have had a girlfriend and
12,null,null,it made no difference whatsoever
13,null,null,, I still feel empty most of the time and .
14,null,null,would rather die than anything else
15,null,null,I know that in Singapore you are able to consent medically when you are 16 , but
16,null,null,I am not sure if i can possible get around her for meds like this without her knowledge / consent .
17,null,null,Any help for my situation would be fantastic Thanks everyone
1256 18
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Desperately want to WANT TO get better Attempted suicide
2,null,null,May 1st , wasted a week of my life in voluntary inpatient , .
3,null,null,was put on the one drug that has ever helped me ( olanzapine , an antipsychotic ) which I then promptly had an allergic reaction to , got off of , and crashed again
4,null,null,Was able to drag myself through some intensive outpatient group therapy for a while and then quit that too .
5,null,null,The only good thing I have left in my life is my fianc .
6,null,null,I know it is not healthy to live for another person
7,null,null,but I am not exactly in a position to nitpick .
8,null,null,At this point all I can do for them is try to be as reliable as possible while also isolating myself more often than not so that they do not have to deal with a constantly suicidal person more frequently than they can handle .
9,null,null,But I want more ?
10,null,null,I want to be able to grow with them and be an active part of a life they enjoy ?
11,null,null,I want to repay them for all the things they do in vain to try to make me happy ?
12,null,null,But all of my options in recovery range from extremely corny ( literally all talk therapy , individual and group , dbt to cbt to emdr ) to actually detrimental to my health
13,null,null,( reactions to and ) .
14,null,null,side
15,null,null,effects from medications
16,null,null,What the fuck
17,null,null,do I do
18,null,null,so I do not lose the last good thing I have ?
1257 26
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,The toughest pill to swallow is that I care about the girl most I have lost all motivation for my academic life , have basically no ambition left and have just been floating around doing nothing the past few years .
2,null,null,My parents trusted me and .
3,null,null,are probably disgusted by me right now
4,null,null,I have lost all my Bitcoin in a fire .
5,null,null,I was one of the early pioneers and .
6,null,null,had literally a couple hundred thousand dollars worth not too long ago
7,null,null,I will admit this one was getting to me quite a bit .
8,null,null,Especially since I could have prevented it .
9,null,null,But you know what really incited and is still by far the biggest part of my depression ?
10,null,null,A girl .
11,null,null,A stupid , uninteresting , normal ass girl .
12,null,null,But I love her .
13,null,null,I love being around her .
14,null,null,And she probably does not even give a shit about me because she has a boyfriend .
15,null,null,We hung out at a park and had a great time , we always do when we talk ..
16,null,null,But she is never the one to start a conversation and never offers to hang out .
17,null,null,Okay , boyfriend , but at least let me be your friend .
18,null,null,Just planning a meetup is such a pain the ass .
19,null,null,I wish you would just tell me to fuck off , but
20,null,null,you keep saying yes .
21,null,null,All while you straight up do not give a shit about me .
22,null,null,Hope is the worst part .
23,null,null,I am still clinging to my failing studies , new random ass coins and this * fucking * girl .
24,null,null,I can not even concentrate on the other two because I think of her all the time .
25,null,null,I am desperately trying to stay relevant to her in hopes I can catch her when she is available again and I feel like such a fucking creepy loser .
26,null,null,All for that small chance .
1258 13
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,How does one " find / define " " themselves " ?
2,null,null,( and where to post this question ? )
3,null,null,Hello everyone , I have , like many , lost interest in pretty much everything , I only do one thing , from times to times , and
4,null,null,I would not consider it a " passion " or a " hobby " .
5,null,null,I need to stop focusing on some things in life , and .
6,null,null,reconsider who " I " am , and to do this
7,null,null,I need to find some hobby and start making friends again , or at least start to enjoy myself
8,null,null,But how ?
9,null,null,I have tried arts , sports , entertainment , pretty much everything , and
10,null,null,nothing really spark an interest , even when I try to get into it for like 2 weeks to a month
11,null,null,( after that I do not even want to do it at all ) .
12,null,null,If you have an idea of where to post this question , let me know .
13,null,null,If you ave any answer , that would be great .
1259 6
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,They say forcing yourself to be social is a good thing , but ?
2,null,null,does it pain anyone else to see how much your friends are progressing in life
3,null,null,My friends have all become successful and wealthy .
4,null,null,They go on expensive holidays and date duper attractive people .
5,null,null,I try to force myself to hang out with them but
6,null,null,the constant obvious comparison is getting me really down .
1260 14
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Today , I found out that my depression is treatment resistant
2,null,null,I have been on 8 different antidepressants and the such .
3,null,null,Prozac , .
4,null,null,Paxil , wellbutrin , pristiq , viibryd , seroquel , abilify , and trintellix
5,null,null,It feels like the past year and a half or so .
6,null,null,has been nothing but pills
7,null,null,I have been depressed since I was around 9 or 10 , and
8,null,null,now I know I will probably be depressed for the rest of my life .
9,null,null,I am about to start tms therapy .
10,null,null,Has anyone here tried it ?
11,null,null,I do not want to get too optimistic after the utter failure that was the pills , but
12,null,null,I would really like some encouragement so that I do not feel like I am throwing my money away .
13,null,null,It is covered by my insurance , but .
14,null,null,the co - pays do add up for the whole procedure
1261 85
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I think I ruined another friendship TLR : Made a wonderful friend , had a depressive episode , and ruined the friendship by trying to force my problems on her .
2,null,null,Just like I have done a million time before .
3,null,null,I have had depression
4,null,null,my whole life
5,null,null,and I have always gone through episodes .
6,null,null,Sometimes they are mild , and
7,null,null,I am just generally down for a few days
8,null,null,, sometimes they debilitating and I can barely get out of bed for weeks .
9,null,null,I have also never had a lot of friends .
10,null,null,I do not have casual relationships .
11,null,null,I either do not really think of you a friend , or
12,null,null,I love you with every part of my heart .
13,null,null,There is no middle ground .
14,null,null,I have been building a friendship with a great girl from work ( call her Amy ) for a few months .
15,null,null,It does not seem like anything romantic , but
16,null,null,is gon na come from it
17,null,null,it was nice to have a friend I could do stuff with .
18,null,null,We went hiking , rock climbing , we even went on a scuba trip to the Caribbean together .
19,null,null,I would opened up to her about my depression and
20,null,null,she seemed really understanding .
21,null,null,She actually seemed to appreciate how open and communicative
22,null,null,I was about it .
23,null,null,The day before the Super Bowl , I felt an episode coming on .
24,null,null,It was not severe , but
25,null,null,it made me fragile .
26,null,null,I am a big Patriots fan , so
27,null,null,when the Pats lost , it set me up for a bad episode .
28,null,null,If I would just been sad about the Patriots Monday and
29,null,null,let myself heal like I usually do
30,null,null,when my teams lose , everything would have been fine , but
31,null,null,instead I started to blow my friendship .
32,null,null,I texted Amy Tuesday that I was feeling down and I would like to see her .
33,null,null,I made a big deal about how I was not crying about the Pats , but
34,null,null,I was having an episode .
35,null,null,It seemed important to me to point that out for some reason .
36,null,null,She said someone was visiting from our India office and had a ton of work for her , but
37,null,null,she would try to come over after .
38,null,null,She worked until 930 that night and .
39,null,null,never made it
40,null,null,Wednesday I left work at 10 am because I was too down to stay .
41,null,null,I was texting her the same stuff throughout the day , how I was sad
42,null,null,and I wanted to see her .
43,null,null,She worked until 930 again and , but
44,null,null,did not come
45,null,null,this time she had never promised to .
46,null,null,I texted her this big apology about how I have been a shitty friend
47,null,null,and I am sorry for forcing my problems on her .
48,null,null,At work Thursday she told me to stop apologizing for everything .
49,null,null,I told her I would try to stop .
50,null,null,Friday just felt different .
51,null,null,She was less talkative with me than usual .
52,null,null,She brought me cookies she made , and
53,null,null,I thought that might be a sign that things were getting better , but after work I asked her if she had plans that weekend , and her answer was simply " yes " .
54,null,null,I said have fun and left .
55,null,null,Normally she would have at least told me she a general idea of what she was doing .
56,null,null,I talked to my roommate / best friend ( Samantha ) about it Friday night .
57,null,null,We agreed I needed to just leave Amy alone for the weekend ,
58,null,null,so I texted her and said if she found any free time I would love to see her
59,null,null,and then I did not contact her again until yesterday at work .
60,null,null,Yesterday some things happened that really made me feel like things were ending .
61,null,null,First , we had talked about planning a trip President is day weekend , but
62,null,null,she had a surgery
63,null,null,and she did not want to plan anything until it was done
64,null,null,( that is a whole other thing that is bothering me ) .
65,null,null,When I asked her yesterday , she said she thought President is day was in March
66,null,null,and she promised to see her brother this weekend , so " we will see " .
67,null,null,She also told me she likes working late and going to the gym at like 930 .
68,null,null,Apparently she is been working 12 hour days for the past week .
69,null,null,The gym part hurt because one of my favorite things to do with her was work out , and
70,null,null,now I have lost my gym buddy .
71,null,null,I have had a lot of friendships go this way in the past .
72,null,null,Speaking a little immodestly here , but
73,null,null,when I am not depressed , I am funny , energetic , and interesting , and generally a fun person to be around .
74,null,null,I have had lots of people enter my life , .
75,null,null,meet that me , like him , then after a few months meet the depressed side of me and just nope the fuck out
76,null,null,Amy first met the depressed me a few months ago and
77,null,null,she did not run away .
78,null,null,I thought she could be a big part of my support network moving forward .
79,null,null,But I am worried that I just tried to put too much on her .
80,null,null,Like I have done a million times before .
81,null,null,The worst part is she sits right next to me at work .
82,null,null,She is leaving next month to hike the Appalachian Trail , but
83,null,null,until then , if I really did blow this , then I have to sit next to her every day for a month .
84,null,null,I do not know if I can handle that .
85,null,null,Anyway , thanks for listening to me whine about my problems .
1262 6
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Reluctant to get diagnosed
2,null,null,I am reluctant to go to the doctor and find out if I have depression .
3,null,null,I can not exactly explain this , but
4,null,null,it is a combination of a few things .
5,null,null,Part of me feels that I am asking to be depressed and
6,null,null,another part of me fears that I do not have depression and my problems are all just my own fault .
1263 13
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,seeing other people having close , intimate relationships with each other made me so goddamn sad that I had to leave .
2,null,null,I was at a party last night with some friends , and .
3,null,null,the whole time I saw people talking and hanging out like they were best friends and had known each other for years
4,null,null,It made me really sad because even though I have a wide circle of acquaintances , my mental illness and my fear of rejection makes it so hard to actually get close to people .
5,null,null,I have been in college for a year and a half
6,null,null,and I still do not have any close friends that I text or hang out with .
7,null,null,My friends from high school are all off at different colleges living their own lives now , so
8,null,null,we are not close anymore .
9,null,null,I kept thinking about this last night at the party
10,null,null,and I got so sad that I left .
11,null,null,I can only really think of one close friend that I have , and
12,null,null,even then we do not really hang out that often .
13,null,null,I do not really have anyone in my life .
1264 46
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,God damn it I am fucking done .
2,null,null,I just suck at everything .
3,null,null,I give up .
4,null,null,I fucking quit .
5,null,null,I ca nt handle this world
6,null,null,I am too god damn weak .
7,null,null,I do not want to go to school
8,null,null,, I can not fucking do it .
9,null,null,I have not even registered but
10,null,null,classes start in a few hours
11,null,null,and now I need to go beg to be let in why do I do this shit to myself .
12,null,null,I am freaking out god
13,null,null,damn it
14,null,null,I am running out of time
15,null,null,and I keep digging myself deeper into my lies .
16,null,null,I just want to cry all day
17,null,null,but I can not even cry anymore .
18,null,null,I lay in bed all day imagining a better world and a better me that will never come .
19,null,null,I am scared I will always be disconnected from myself .
20,null,null,I do not want to let my family down
21,null,null,so I need to keep going to school
22,null,null,but fuck
23,null,null,I am gon na fail and
24,null,null,either way I am gon na get kicked out
25,null,null,I do not know what to do .
26,null,null,And even worse I keep getting told I need to go get a job .
27,null,null,My family aready view me as the stupid let down , and not having a job proves it to them .
28,null,null,Everyone just thinks I am lazy
29,null,null,and I am because when I come here
30,null,null,I see the real shit others have to deal with and
31,null,null,my problems are all in my head .
32,null,null,Am I sick or just lazy as fuck ?
33,null,null,And does it even matter ?
34,null,null,I ca nt put my feelings into words .
35,null,null,Everytime I think things are looking up , I just get shit on .
36,null,null,I want to erase myself from history .
37,null,null,Everyone else would be so much better off god damn it
38,null,null,I am such a drain .
39,null,null,Why do good people have to die while I am still around ?
40,null,null,Just take me instead .
41,null,null,I am debating between driving to school in a few hours to try and get the classes
42,null,null,I know I will fail , or .
43,null,null,just driving off a fucking bridge
44,null,null,I am sorry for taking attention away from everyone else here who are worse off than my pathetic confused ass
45,null,null,, I just needed to do someting to get these feeling out
46,null,null,or I am gon na blow up and scream
1265 17
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I adopted a cat
2,null,null,I ve been suicidal and .
3,null,null,planning it out
4,null,null,I went with a friend to look at the humane society for dogs and
5,null,null,while we were there my friend wanted to look at cats .
6,null,null,One named frankie took a liking to me and .
7,null,null,was super affectionate
8,null,null,I ended up taking him home today .
9,null,null,He meows a ton
10,null,null,and i m thinling of naming him meowskers
11,null,null,( do nt judge me )
12,null,null,Update - to people asking for a pic
13,null,null,i do nt really have a good photo yet
14,null,null,but i posted on my page a quick clip of me meeting him .
15,null,null,I look like shit cause i ve been depressed but the clip cheers me up
16,null,null,so
17,null,null,oh well .
1266 12
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Hi there .
2,null,null,My name is Tim
3,null,null,, I am 38 years old and .
4,null,null,live in the UK
5,null,null,I have been prescribed 40 mg of paroxetine , but which has probably made me physically worse .
6,null,null,stopped taking it a couple of months ago as it was not helping me in my situation ,
7,null,null,My depression probably stems from low self esteem and the feeling of general failure .
8,null,null,I have suffered for 19 years now , not constantly , as " success " at work can suppress it
9,null,null,( i.e. times when I feel I am contributing something ) .
10,null,null,To the outside world I probably appear relatively " normal "
11,null,null,I have to stop now as I need to go out , I will try and
12,null,null,articulate I am coming where from later
1267 44
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Here is my story , however dull and blunt
2,null,null,it may be ..
3,null,null,High school was great .
4,null,null,Lots of fun
5,null,null,You know-
6,null,null,Parties , .
7,null,null,beer , dates , sports and the works
8,null,null,I was never what one would call popular , however , I was respected by nearly everyone I went to school with .
9,null,null,This , I feel was an asset of mine and .
10,null,null,helped me with self confidence as well as developing as a individual
11,null,null,I am now 19 ( 20 in June ) and .
12,null,null,have no job , no money , do not go to school and have LITERALLY no friends , aside from my parents whom I still live with a leach off of ( what a joke )
13,null,null,I am virtually reclusive in my home with the occasional outing to buy cigarettes and to visit my Grandmother who is well near her deathbed .
14,null,null,I suppose my past bout with drugs may be a co - culprit influencing me to work in ' close to ' complete isolation .
15,null,null,Maybe there is a cure for me but
16,null,null,, chances are it is not natural remedy .
17,null,null,My addictive personality and past drug experiences has veered me away from trying the latest depression medications or any for that matter .
18,null,null,This condition of mine , whatever the fuck it is , started developing slowly .
19,null,null,I would avoid large social gatherings at first , then I would pretty much steer clear of meeting with friends ( even the closest of friends ) , and
20,null,null,finally I would not even take phone calls .
21,null,null,At this point it is all of the above .
22,null,null,When I do confront a person , which by all means I try to avoid , I can not for the life of me
23,null,null,keep eye contact like I used to
24,null,null,and I seem like a complete , uninterested asshole who is simply in a rush and has no time for chat .
25,null,null,For instance , a two old friends of mine from high school stopped by at my house today to catch up on things .
26,null,null,When asked what I was up to
27,null,null,I looked at the ground and
28,null,null,replied , "
29,null,null,Well .. I am [ pathetic excuse of a lie goes here ] ..
30,null,null," Nobody buys my shit .
31,null,null,If I do not believe myself how can anyone else . ?
32,null,null,So , here I am today .
33,null,null,The table has turned .
34,null,null,I am now the chump .
35,null,null,The one without any respect OR self respect and the guy who respects anyone who is not as lowly as myself .
36,null,null,And I hate myself for it .
37,null,null,It is not as if I had a rough upbringing .
38,null,null,My parents are and were loving , I have had so many friends , all the opportunities in the world .
39,null,null,And I waste it all and .
40,null,null,continue to do so every stinking day of my life
41,null,null,I am not looking for sympathy .
42,null,null,It actually matters little if nobody reads this at all .
43,null,null,I just needed to put my thoughts somewhere
44,null,null,I could come back to re - read and contemplate them
1268 5
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Maybe I see the world for what it really is Maybe " healthy " people are the sick ones for being in denial .
2,null,null,It would explain post natal depression .
3,null,null,It is one of the worst times of your life , horrible things happen , it is gross .
4,null,null,But people tell you you are meant to be happy .
5,null,null,How could you be with a screaming baby and no sleep ?
1269 14
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,i thought i was getting better but
2,null,null,this morning when i woke up it was really hard for me to get out of my bed
3,null,null,i hate myself
4,null,null,i know that i must must have had to do something or did not do enough for a man to be telling you he loves you everyday for the past five years
5,null,null,then just out of the blue just say he does not want you anymore
6,null,null,he has gotten married and
7,null,null,wants to move on
8,null,null,i pray everyday that i lay down and just sleep forever
9,null,null,i really do not care if i wake or not because i tired of my heart crying
10,null,null,it hurts too bad
11,null,null,the pain will not seem to stop i hurt all day everyday it is a ongoing pain .
12,null,null,can anyone give any advise
13,null,null,please help me
14,null,null,i really do not want to live anymore tiny HELP ME PLEASE
1270 11
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Do you feel like a burden to other people ?
2,null,null,I do .
3,null,null,I am 18 .
4,null,null,When people make me feel bad about myself or control me in a way I do not like or just get annoyed with me
5,null,null,just talking to them I tend to feel really depressed , sad and think of how I wish I was not born .
6,null,null,I already stuggle to keep and make friends .
7,null,null,It hurts me a lot .
8,null,null,Makes me sad .
9,null,null,It kills me mentally .
10,null,null,People just hurt me so much .
11,null,null,I do not think I can cope anymore honestly ..
1271 54
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Drank too much and
2,null,null,ended up in the hospital
3,null,null,Let me start this off by saying I am underage , so that just makes this just so much better .
4,null,null,Anyway , a handful of months
5,null,null,back I had the smart idea to get drunk by myself .
6,null,null,I do not know what did it , I only drank a few shots , , but .
7,null,null,less than what I normally do
8,null,null,I guess whatever it was destined
9,null,null,Next thing I know , I am waking up all .
10,null,null,wrapped up in IVs with my mom next to me
11,null,null,I am confused as all living hell .
12,null,null,My mom just says you drank the vodka , looking more devastated than I have ever seen her , and
13,null,null,then I cry myself to sleep .
14,null,null,Now I am ruined .
15,null,null,I am broken .
16,null,null,The guilt eats away at me all the time , constantly .
17,null,null,As soon as I think of my family that is all I can think of .
18,null,null,Apparently I was found in a aggravated state , and .
19,null,null,upon being discovered I punched two holes in the wall , along with attempting to put in a hole in my father is head
20,null,null,God I fucking hate myself .
21,null,null,I am not even a violent person , I hate hurting anything .
22,null,null,Being anywhere around my home or family just makes me unbearably sad now .
23,null,null,I had to come home and look my brother in the eye , and
24,null,null,apologize for being so fucked up
25,null,null,I tried to not only punch my dad , but a police officer who was forced to restrain me .
26,null,null,By the way I do not remember any of this , all of this my parents told me .
27,null,null,You know how much that hurts ?
28,null,null,Not remembering a night at all , and
29,null,null,it turns out you ran at your dad screaming , fuck you
30,null,null,I am gon na kill you
31,null,null,I hate myself .
32,null,null,I am so full of regret and guilt and self hatred all the time .
33,null,null,I hurt my family so much , and
34,null,null,I continue to .
35,null,null,I have had multiple emotional breakdowns since , when pretending to be okay just becomes too much .
36,null,null,I have made my parents so concerned for me .
37,null,null,Not only do they constantly think I am high now , and .
38,null,null,do not hesitate to think every single fucking broken thing is my fault because I got too fucked up , but with the emotional rants I have had I am sure they think i m about to blow any second and kill myself
39,null,null,I ruined everything .
40,null,null,My relationship with my family is ruined .
41,null,null,I love my parents beyond belief , and I know they love me too , but the shame , and the sadness I feel just being around them , it is constantly unbearable .
42,null,null,Nothing feels normal anymore .
43,null,null,It has not since that fucking day .
44,null,null,I would give anything , literally anything to go back .
45,null,null,I would rather be completely paralyzed than do what I did to my family .
46,null,null,I have no care for myself at all anymore .
47,null,null,I hate myself more than any other person .
48,null,null,I am selfish , impulsive , lazy , stupid , and above all less than worthless .
49,null,null,If I was not born I am sure my family would be much more happy .
50,null,null,I can not kill myself , because then I would kill my whole family .
51,null,null,My mom straight up told me if I kill myself that will be the end for her too .
52,null,null,I do not know what to do then .
53,null,null,I guess slowly shrivel away or .
54,null,null,hope I get ran over
1272 48
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am trying to get communication back with my best friend .
2,null,null,I have an idea
3,null,null,, it will not be easy and
4,null,null,it may never work , but it is worth a shot ?
5,null,null,Long story short : I have been depressed and
6,null,null,I have a friend .
7,null,null,I could make a 5 paragraph story about my friend and my depression .
8,null,null,But I want to get to the point .
9,null,null,I do not want to make this post too long otherwise no one will read it .
10,null,null,My friend made the decision to stop communication with me until I go to a residential psychiatric program or somewhere similar .
11,null,null,The thing is I have been in one already , it was a pretty flexible place etc .
12,null,null,, cell phones were allowed , doors were never locked ,
13,null,null,Long story short
14,null,null,I became too high risk and .
15,null,null,am not allowed back
16,null,null,And I do not want to go back .
17,null,null,I do not believe in happiness by mental health , I believe in natural happiness .
18,null,null,I believe that all humans deserve to feel happy without being told your life sucks
19,null,null,so you need pills and mental health treatment to be happy .
20,null,null,So anyways , I can not fulfill his wish .
21,null,null,But getting communication back with him is all I want .
22,null,null,There are no exceptions .
23,null,null,So here is my idea .
24,null,null,Just for fun
25,null,null,I livestream games on YouTube .
26,null,null,I do it for fun , not for fame , I do not play those popular games , I play the ones that no one plays .
27,null,null,It is unlikely for a video to get more than 100 views .
28,null,null,But I have considered starting a new channel .
29,null,null,I will livestream games , post videos about my custom Guitar Hero songs
30,null,null,( I do that for fun too ) and .
31,null,null,just pretty much show that I am having fun
32,null,null,But the big goal of the channel will be to get my friend back .
33,null,null,That will be the whole idea .
34,null,null,That will be written on every video .
35,null,null,That is what the channel art will say .
36,null,null,Think of it as a gofundme , only I am not asking for money , I am asking for support from the public to hear my story , .
37,null,null,hear what I am doing , and to be there with me when my friend does deliver
38,null,null,Here is the catch .
39,null,null,For obvious reasons , his name will never be revealed .
40,null,null,No one will have any idea who my friend is .
41,null,null,But little by little , I will try to reveal the channel to him .
42,null,null,It will start with the channel being named Ian , then sooner or later add my last name .
43,null,null,As time goes on I will try and .
44,null,null,find ways to give him clues about the channel without actually telling him anything
45,null,null,The big dream is that he eventually discovers the channel , and with whatever support there is , he will see how much I have mentally improved over however long it takes .
46,null,null,This all may sound totally silly , totally bogus , yeah , maybe this will never work in a million years .
47,null,null,Just a wild thought that I am going to attempt anyways .
48,null,null,I might edit this post with a link to the channel depending on the response here .
1273 24
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Hi My name is Tracy , I am 44 years old and
2,null,null,have three children 4,8 and 11
3,null,null,, I have been going through something
4,null,null,lately I wake up in the morning and .
5,null,null,its like I am in a different world
6,null,null,I cry about everything .
7,null,null,I look at pictures of my kids when they were younger
8,null,null,and I burst into tears .
9,null,null,I have nothing to be depressed about , good wife , good kids , good job
10,null,null,, I do not understand what is going on .
11,null,null,This is totally out of my character .
12,null,null,Now it is getting to the point to where I do not want to go to work on night shifts because I am afraid something will happen to them while I am at work .
13,null,null,Also when I have to sleep during the day I have trouble falling to sleep Its like I am scared to sleep .
14,null,null,I have also wake up from a deep sleep with panic attacks , I have learned how to talk myself out of them .
15,null,null,Everything is so emotional it is
16,null,null,like I am morning the death of one of my children .
17,null,null,Any way its driving me and my wife crazy ,
18,null,null,Its not all the time it comes and goes , other times I am fine .
19,null,null,My wife says I am so much more loving toward my family when I am going through this .
20,null,null,I am on zoloft per family doctor .
21,null,null,But it do not seem to help .
22,null,null,I also have sleep apnea which I read can cause depression .
23,null,null,Well if anybody Knows what I am going through please respond , I do not know if its depression or some kind of sleep problem .
24,null,null,Thanks for listening
1274 46
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,A letter to a person I let down To The Person I Miss
2,null,null,The Most
3,null,null,, Happy birthday man , I miss you
4,null,null,and I am sorry .
5,null,null,It feels like so much time has gone by that any attempt at reconciliation would do more harm than anything else at this point .
6,null,null,We used to have so much fun , but
7,null,null,nostalgia only makes everyone feel worse , and more often than not leads to poor choices .
8,null,null,It is a sweet substance , like sugar , just with a punch in the gut to remind you that you can not ever go back to something you once valued so highly .
9,null,null,It is been a year and a couple months since we have talked , and
10,null,null,there is rarely a day where you do not cross my mind .
11,null,null,I am not saying that is healthy , because it sure as hell is not , but who cares anyways .
12,null,null,I was not good for you , you were too good for me , we crashed and
13,null,null,burned
14,null,null,and I loved every second of it .
15,null,null,Was it worth it ?
16,null,null,Maybe .
17,null,null,Does that matter ?
18,null,null,Not in the slightest .
19,null,null,Now I just sit alone in the dark writing
20,null,null,you letters
21,null,null,that I know you will never fuckin ' read , pretending in my head that there is some fucking way that i can salvage the situation .
22,null,null,It is like watching someone stand at the bottom of the pool drowning , when all they have to do is swim to the surface .
23,null,null,I am cold , and , and
24,null,null,tired , wasting time and throwing away opportunities left and right because i have no idea what I am doing
25,null,null,I know that you are doing well , that makes me happy .
26,null,null,You deserve to succeed .
27,null,null,You have been to hell and back , and
28,null,null,I might as well have been the chauffeur for a good portion of it .
29,null,null,I loved you , I do not think I do anymore , but
30,null,null,I know I did .
31,null,null,I thought about comparing how I felt about you with a bunch of shitty metaphors but let is be honest , that is not our style .
32,null,null,We would probably laugh at how cheesy it was and how stupid this whole situation is
33,null,null,and then we would pull out our guitars and
34,null,null,write a beautiful sad duet
35,null,null,and I would be out of tune while you hit every note perfectly .
36,null,null,But you would not critique me , that is just the way you are .
37,null,null,Too kind , and
38,null,null,sweet , too good to everyone you came across even though you knew there was a pretty good chance that they would never return the favor .
39,null,null,And man I really tried to , all those times we walked around talking about how much we wanted to die and , but
40,null,null,how sad we were
41,null,null,the whole thing was build on the back of our own loneliness and sadness .
42,null,null,But that is the past .
43,null,null,Nostalgia is bullshit , but I have to indulge once in awhile just to feel something , I am sure you remember that .
44,null,null,Here is to better times ahead , and .
45,null,null,a letter left unread
46,null,null,Sincerely , Your Old Best Friend
1275 17
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I did not expect there are people here so quick to judge and assume I made a post about how hard it is to date and find someone if you have depression .
2,null,null,I mentioned how people with depression who have a significant other most likely have an easier time that those who do not .
3,null,null,What I did not imply was that I wanted that just for the sake of " curing " my depression .
4,null,null,And that is what another member tried to pin on me .
5,null,null,He or she quickly went into offensive and
6,null,null,started preaching about how selfish it is to want to be in a relationship if you are depressed
7,null,null,, how I should go seek therapy and that I should realize that relationships are not a magic cure .
8,null,null,I do not want to be in a relationship for it to fix my depression , I am going to therapy , taking antidepressants for 6 years now
9,null,null,and I am fully aware being with someone
10,null,null,is not a cure
11,null,null,( I was with someone while depressed for 2 years ) .
12,null,null,I wanted to reply to this person to explain they misunderstood me , but
13,null,null,I was too upset , so
14,null,null,I deleted the post .
15,null,null,Perhaps my wording was not good enough , but
16,null,null,still , such a judgemental approach to answering someone is post on a depression subreddit is in my opinion very saddening .
17,null,null,Just wanted to share this now , take it as you will .
1276 30
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am screaming inside .
2,null,null,I want to cry .
3,null,null,My eyes are burning , ready to cry .
4,null,null,At least it is something ..
5,null,null,A feeling .
6,null,null,It has taken me so much time to work up the courage to call a psychiatrist .
7,null,null,I told myself no matter how I am feeling I am going to call .
8,null,null,I researched and .
9,null,null,found who is supposed to be the best
10,null,null,I called and ; .
11,null,null,was referred to a local chapter
12,null,null,not taking new patients
13,null,null,They referred me to a place where the psychiatrist is not taking new patients but
14,null,null,the psychologists are .
15,null,null,They asked me what kind of treatment I needed ! !
16,null,null," Do you need a therapist or do you need a psychiatrist "
17,null,null,All of this was after I worked so hard explaining my life long depression with and without circumstantial reasons .
18,null,null,I AM NOT THE DOCTOR .
19,null,null,HOW DO I KNOW WHAT I NEED ! !
20,null,null,BOTH !
21,null,null,!
22,null,null,I set the appt , but
23,null,null,I think I need access to both a therapist and a psychiatrist .
24,null,null,I canceled , and
25,null,null,I feel so horrible .
26,null,null,Do not they know how hard it was for me to call ?
27,null,null,I am upset right now .
28,null,null,I want to give up , but
29,null,null,I know I will have to call someone else .
30,null,null,Why does it have to be so hard ?
1277 20
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Intense feelings of not wanting to exist/ wanting to escape and be alone somewhere forever
2,null,null,I am a first year in university and .
3,null,null,have suffered from depression since middle school
4,null,null,I have been able to manage my depression by having really supportive friends and through that
5,null,null,, felt like I had a purpose in life .
6,null,null,However now entering university , I feel like I have no purpose ,
7,null,null,no reason to exist and
8,null,null,it is a lot harder managing my depression .
9,null,null,I fill up my time with work and sports and stuff as a way to distract myself , but
10,null,null,I just feel like I am going through the motions of life and
11,null,null,everything just feels hallow .
12,null,null,I think dying is such a pleasant and peaceful idea and am totally okay with it .
13,null,null,I feel like I do not have any actual friends even though I go out a lot , and
14,null,null,I feel like I have no impact on other people is lives , like they can go on so easily without me being there .
15,null,null,On top of that , I feel like I do not belong anywhere since leaving highschool .
16,null,null,I feel like I do not have a place in college , even though I got into my first choice school .
17,null,null,However , I am too afraid to drop out because that lifestyle seems even more daunting .
18,null,null,I really want to go someplace where I can live out my life in seclusion and just get away from anything .
19,null,null,This is mostly just a flood of thoughts that are always in my head , but
20,null,null,I just wanted to give my two cents to see if anyone relates to these thoughts / feelings
1278 15
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I can not decided if I have been managing or avoiding my mind and feelings ..
2,null,null,How is everyone today ?
3,null,null,For the past two months , I have not had a depressive / anxiety episode even though the problems are in the back of my head
4,null,null,everyday I wake up .
5,null,null,It triggers my anxiety a little because I am anticipating another one of my relapses .
6,null,null,It is been weeks since I have cried or have been stuck in bed ( which is good compared to what I am like usually ) .
7,null,null,But I still do not feel too inclined to reach out to other people or hang out with them .
8,null,null,I do not feel like dealing with people .
9,null,null,is criticisms or judgements of me
10,null,null,I am just not open to it still ..
11,null,null,other than that I just feel indifferent/'Meh ' .
12,null,null,But is that a good thing ?
13,null,null,Or should I zip my lips and
14,null,null,stop thinking about it
15,null,null,me perspective would be nice .
1279 21
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Got rejected again today .
2,null,null,I have had this massive crush on this girl for a while now
3,null,null,and we been getting along really well .
4,null,null,I was suprised to find out we had quite a bit in common
5,null,null,and I felt so giddy every time I talked to her .
6,null,null,I decided today I would suprise her with an early Valentine is Day gift
7,null,null,and maybe she would like it .
8,null,null,Nothing huge
9,null,null,, I got her favorite snack and a brief note telling her how I felt .
10,null,null,I do not know what I was expecting
11,null,null,but she read it the note and .
12,null,null,walked away with the gift
13,null,null,She texted me a few minutes later she was nervous to reject me because she knew I was afraid
14,null,null,and she would like to stay friends .
15,null,null,I can not blame her for how she feels , it is her choice .
16,null,null,Although , I feel utterly defeated .
17,null,null,I have never been on a date or .
18,null,null,been kissed , or in any relationship with someone
19,null,null,I thought maybe this would be it , but
20,null,null,I was wrong .
21,null,null,On top of all the other shit going on in my life , I do not see a good reason to continue this fruitless struggle to survive .
1280 17
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I wish my mother understands depression I go to school and work , and
2,null,null,right now that is handful for me .
3,null,null,I work on weekend as well
4,null,null,and I get very exhausted .
5,null,null,Today was one of those few days I get that I do not have any class or shift .
6,null,null,I got carried away and .
7,null,null,stayed in bed until 2 pm
8,null,null,My mom suddently came home from work ( while still at her work , do not know why she even tries to sneek out )
9,null,null,pretty much came home to yell at me to get up and clean my room .
10,null,null,I always think she forget that I do have depression with medication and have attempted several suicide method .
11,null,null,I am working as hard as I could
12,null,null,but she still thinks it is not enough .
13,null,null,She is one of those
14,null,null," the harder it hits the better it gets " person .
15,null,null,She would not understand that hitting hard could break things .
16,null,null,Oh yeah , she also kicked my head to wake me up .
17,null,null,That is a thing .
1281 5
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Addicted to escapism If I am not occupying myself with any form of entertainment ( games , books , movies , music , drawing , writing , etc . )
2,null,null,I feel depression and anxiety .
3,null,null,Whatever I do in real life , there is a heavy stone in my chest , if you know that feeling .
4,null,null,I can not escape sadness , boredom and loneliness whatever I do .
5,null,null,I only feel really good when I sleep and have wonderful dreams .
1282 5
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Today I looked in the mirror and
2,null,null,thought to myself for the first time " that is a beautiful person
3,null,null," Then I played xbox 6 hours non stop and
4,null,null,looked in the mirror and thought " who am I
5,null,null," I need to stop a lot of habits if I want to get rid of my depression .
1283 18
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am new here today .
2,null,null,I believe I have been suffering from depression since I was a late teen .
3,null,null,I am now 42 ,
4,null,null,run my own business and just started Prozac late December & seeing a psychologist in late Nov.
5,null,null,I do not feel any better
6,null,null,but it is a relief just knowing that you are doing something other than trying to ignore a definite but unexplainable problem .
7,null,null,I suffer from severe anxiety , .
8,null,null,fall asleep fine but wake up at 2.00 am with my mind racing a million miles a minute , mostly about work
9,null,null,This anxiety and depression has definitely affected my relationship with my wife & kids .
10,null,null,Most times when you are at work you want to be home & vice versa , really do not know what you want .
11,null,null,I do not feel like talking to anyone & .
12,null,null,have cut off most of my good friends
13,null,null,I understand most men do not want to admit they have a problem until their wife leaves them
14,null,null,and it is too late .
15,null,null,I am happy that is not the case with me .
16,null,null,I just hope the medication kicks in soon
17,null,null,so I can see what it feels like to be normal if that is possible .
18,null,null,Thanks for letting me ramble
1284 8
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I have not touched another person in 4 years .
2,null,null,I know it sound weird and creepy
3,null,null,but i do not mean it like that .
4,null,null,I mean hugs .
5,null,null,I just want a hug .
6,null,null,That is it .
7,null,null,I do not have anyone to really love
8,null,null,and i just feel so tense and alone .
1285 22
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,My weight is ballooning out of control .
2,null,null,I take daily : 40 MG of Prozac ( in the morning ) ; .
3,null,null,1 MG Klonopin ( same time ) : 1 MG Klonopin ( 5 PM ) 1 MG Klonopin ( bedtime ) , prescribed by a psychiatrist
4,null,null,I also take 100 MG Keppra at bedtime for migraine prevention ( prescribed by a neurologist ) .
5,null,null,I have been on various combinations of these for a couple of years .
6,null,null,The psychiatrist is doggedly insistent that the medications I am on should not be making me gain weight - but nonetheless they are .
7,null,null,I have had other medications that have given me side effects that I " should not " have had -
8,null,null,but nonetheless I do .
9,null,null,I have read many , many stories on the internet and through direct conversation with others that say they have had exactly the same things happen with SSRI is .
10,null,null,When I have asked him to change the medication , he keeps preaching " diet and exercise " .
11,null,null,It has not worked .
12,null,null,I am now down to the point where I eat virtually nothing
13,null,null,and today I exercised to the point where I nearly blacked out .
14,null,null,This is causing problems between my wife and I ( she also sees the same psychiatrist and .
15,null,null,takes Klonopin and Effexor ) , not least because I have no sexual desire
16,null,null,None .
17,null,null,She sees him ( the psychiatrist ) tomorrow
18,null,null,but I do not see him until April 6 .
19,null,null,Yesterday in my therapy session I had an angry outburst that maybe I should just quit taking all the medication ( because maybe I am over medicated ) and she did not like that too much .
20,null,null,Am I going to have to die of obesity or over exercise to get his attention ?
21,null,null,What do I have to do to convince them ?
22,null,null,This is not helping my depression any when I can not stand to even look at myself in the mirror .
1286 25
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Stop Stop Stop Stop
2,null,null,Stop Stop Stop
3,null,null,Stop Stop Stop
4,null,null,Stop Stop Stop
5,null,null,Stop Stop Stop
6,null,null,Stop Stop Stop
7,null,null,Stop Stop Stop
8,null,null,Stop Stop Stop
9,null,null,Stop Stop Stop
10,null,null,Stop Stop Stop
11,null,null,Stop Stop Stop
12,null,null,Stop Stop Stop
13,null,null,Stop Stop Stop
14,null,null,Stop Stop Stop
15,null,null,Stop Stop Stop
16,null,null,Stop Stop Stop
17,null,null,Stop Stop Stop
18,null,null,Stop Stop Stop
19,null,null,Stop Stop Stop
20,null,null,Stop Stop Stop
21,null,null,Stop Stop Stop
22,null,null,Stop Stop Stop
23,null,null,Stop Stop Stop
24,null,null,Stop Stop Stop
25,null,null,pls ..
1287 7
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Nightmares and dreams HI , I do not know about you , but
2,null,null,when I was a kid I used to have this weird nightmares ( not the teeth fell out usual nightmares ) Like getting lost in a winter forest in pijamas just to be eaten up by wolves , being totally awake at my bed while insects ate me alive ( like sleep paralysis but dreaming ? ) or just watching my mother being eaten by feral dogs as she protected me .
3,null,null,Anyway , as I grew older and my depression grew with me , I stopped having nightmares , I can barely recall when the last one was .
4,null,null,Instead I have pretty vivid dreams ( not lucid ones ) and
5,null,null,in most of them , I am at some kind of weird scenery where I feel like I have always been there , and weird shit happens that I can remember , and it is like a full story , a lot of different things happen in the same dream .
6,null,null,The problem is , in most of them , I meet someone , normally a girl , with which I start a mutual relationship after overcoming some hardship , like , my biggest desire .
7,null,null,These dreams , as good as they sound , are worst than the nightmares because when I wake up , it takes some time to realize that I did not live that shit , that I am still in bed , and I am still alone .
1288 15
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,So yesterday was my 18th birthday , and
2,null,null,here my dumbass was expecting it to be different than all my other ones , but boy was I wrong .
3,null,null,It is nice to know that no one gives a fuck about you .
4,null,null,You can cry , and .
5,null,null,scream all you want but at the end of the day , no one is gon na be able to understand you , and the deep well that has been buried within your mind
6,null,null,So what if you grew up rejected by every girl , guy , and person ?
7,null,null,So what if you have just turned 18 and ?
8,null,null,endured waves upon waves of mental abuse
9,null,null,At the end of the day , when you are laying in your bed , and your demons are starting to swallow you whole and fill up the bowl , what do you do ?
10,null,null,You face it .
11,null,null,You indulge yourself in them until the pain is numb , and
12,null,null,you can not feel anything anymore .
13,null,null,It may not be healthy , but
14,null,null,it is better than suffering .
15,null,null,Happy fucking birthday bro , have your cake .
1289 19
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,School failure
2,null,null,I think I am doing something wrong .
3,null,null,I found myself in a situation where I was lucky to move to prosperous country .
4,null,null,Except I am 27 with no degree , no proper work experience , just some odd jobs .
5,null,null,I am an embarrassment compared to other immigrants .
6,null,null,Last year I began studying for the first time since high school , just to realize the field does not interest me .
7,null,null,I barely even understand the language .
8,null,null,My GPA is horrible .
9,null,null,And I can not change schools for at least another 2 years due to family .
10,null,null,I can not even get a job because my town has almost none , and
11,null,null,the ones it does have are given to the natives ( I am foreign ) .
12,null,null,The welfare covers my expenses for now
13,null,null,but this is not a life I want to live .
14,null,null,I am also anti - social and , but
15,null,null,seem to fit the symptoms of ADHD
16,null,null,my therapist claims it is just anxiety disorder and does not wanna prescribe any meds yet .
17,null,null,I do have a serious learning struggle even when language is not an issue , I can not seem to grasp the concepts unless teachers spell it out for me .
18,null,null,Basically I am unable to learn anything the moment it goes past the basics and
19,null,null,it is rather depressing .
1290 10
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Hi I am Tracy
2,null,null,and I have had depression and anxiety for about 10years .
3,null,null,I am 35 and a wife and mum to 3 beautiful kids who deserve a mum who is not ill .
4,null,null,The biggest thing that gets me so frustrated with myself is the way depression makes me feel such a weak person , before I was ill
5,null,null,I had a job , was the strong one where friends and family were concerned and basically could cope with whatever life threw at me .Now
6,null,null,I am lucky if I can cope with getting through the day .
7,null,null,I am on Efexor xl at the moment and .
8,null,null,have been for about a year
9,null,null,It is so nice to post this and not worry about being judged , it is lovely to know that other people understand .
10,null,null,Well that is me
1291 10
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Do you ever go to bed planning on losing the next few days ?
2,null,null,I m about to fire up some South Park and go to sleep .
3,null,null,I have already planned on being useless , despondent , and out - of - touch until at least Tuesday .
4,null,null,I will be dead to the world .
5,null,null,I will not answer your calls / texts .
6,null,null,I will not leave my couch .
7,null,null,I plan on hiding from everything and avoiding everyone for at least 72 hours .
8,null,null,I am shutting down intentionally .
9,null,null,I am making it a plan .
10,null,null,Fuck you , bye .
1292 13
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,No one wished me on my birthday
2,null,null,Yesterday was my birthday and
3,null,null,none of my close friend wished me except for my family members .
4,null,null,I wish all my best friends at exactly 12:00 clock , video - calling or texting whatever suits them .
5,null,null,I normally avoid attention and
6,null,null,do not care about such things
7,null,null,but this really bugs me .
8,null,null,They are the friends that I meet everyday and had expectations ,
9,null,null,just a acknowledgement would make me happy .
10,null,null,I know this sounds like attention - seeking behaviour
11,null,null,and I generally do not care about such things .
12,null,null,I am happy in under my own skin but
13,null,null,this makes me a bit sad
1293 8
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Need more info about depression and other mental illnesses ?
2,null,null,I am currently watching Kati Morton on YouTube
3,null,null,and I always recommend her channel to people who wants to know more about depression or how to deal with it
4,null,null,esp if you do not have any therapist .
5,null,null,I do not know her personally at all !
6,null,null,Just sharing this cause there are some things that my therapist and I have not discussed yet or
7,null,null,some coping methods she have not mentioned to me that I found very helpful from Kati is channel .
8,null,null,I hope it helps you too in one way or another !
1294 34
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Poor Spring .
2,null,null,He tries so hard
3,null,null,but sometimes things do not work despite best laid plans .
4,null,null,His ex wife is doing isomething ' almost every weekend in August and September .
5,null,null,So his plan to take me away have dissolved .
6,null,null,Thing is ..
7,null,null,I kind of think it is a tad bit of not wanting to see him happy .
8,null,null,Ex is are so hard to deal with .
9,null,null,Look at me and Cretin .
10,null,null,He still continues to make our lives a misery on every given occasion .
11,null,null,Wait until he finds out I have a boyfriend .
12,null,null,It will be 50 questions as to who he is , his family heritage and down to whether we have depraved sexual practices in front of the girls .
13,null,null,I also really detest his girlfriend ..
14,null,null,Mainly because of the times she is upset the kids .
15,null,null,It is not the kids fault .
16,null,null,I feel like Small Spring is caught in the middle a little bit and will not have him made to feel bad in any way .
17,null,null,So we are not going away in the way we would planned ..
18,null,null,We are trying to snatch a night in July maybe ?
19,null,null,We will see , no pressure .
20,null,null,It is meant to be fun not a trial .
21,null,null,There is always the turkey and tinsel fun weekends at Christmas .
22,null,null,I can wear tinsel in strategic places and
23,null,null,feel MUCH more relaxed
24,null,null,I feel good tonight .
25,null,null,I like being able to take control and understand stuff .
26,null,null,Rise above the crap .
27,null,null,Oh cat worries ..
28,null,null,Taylor has a limp .
29,null,null,He is ALWAYS got something going on .
30,null,null,Probably fighting with the neighbors with the 6 England flags ( still up )
31,null,null,scabby cats .
32,null,null,Bailey has brought in yet another huge Moth .
33,null,null,I am the moth rescuer in this place .
34,null,null,Plus I am longing for a new kitten .
1295 112
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Writing out my feelings in hopes of gaining some sense of catharsis I would like to start by saying I do not think I am a danger to myself .
2,null,null,I am tethered here pretty strongly by my family and my best friend .
3,null,null,I can not see myself leaving them , because I have seen what it does to people when those closest to them go .
4,null,null,I resent the fact that I can not go , at times , but
5,null,null,there is nothing to be done about it really .
6,null,null,Most of the people in my life only ever knew my outer shell .
7,null,null,The somewhat false personality that I put on in order to function .
8,null,null,Over the last three years my mask has been crumbling away and
9,null,null,the results have not been pretty .
10,null,null,It is been a viscous feedback loop that leaves me feeling worse and worse as people fall out of my life one by one , either by their own choosing or because I distance myself to hide my pain as I become less and less able to handle it .
11,null,null,The summer after my sophomore year I was in the darkest place of my life .
12,null,null,I had to pull out of university and move home to get therapy .
13,null,null,It was actually very effective , and
14,null,null,my junior year was a home run .
15,null,null,I was getting the highest test scores in STEM classes with 600 students
16,null,null,, I was killing it in my philanthropic efforts , and
17,null,null,I had more friends and social obligations than I knew what to do with .
18,null,null,My senior year I spent the fall studying abroad in France .
19,null,null,It was magical .
20,null,null,I fell in love for the first time .
21,null,null,I was not reciprocated , but
22,null,null,the thing I learned about love is that it does not have to be reciprocated to be the most beautiful thing you have ever felt .
23,null,null,When I got back from France , the seeds of my current ruin were planted .
24,null,null,All throughout college I would been heavily involved with a camp for kids whose parents have cancer .
25,null,null,I did it because my dad had cancer when I was a little kid , and the people I met were all wonderful , but most of all because the only thing that gives me a sense of purpose is helping other people .
26,null,null,It drives almost everything I do .
27,null,null,This camp gave me a rock that I could cling to through the worst of my emotional storms .
28,null,null,The two directors of the camp were both new my senior year .
29,null,null,While I was in France , one of them dropped out of school due to her own struggles with mental health .
30,null,null,The director that was left over was completely overwhelmed , and entirely ineffectual .
31,null,null,People left and
32,null,null,right
33,null,null,were telling me that I should take the open position .
34,null,null,I did not want it ; I have ADHD as well as depression
35,null,null,and I was so anxious about my lack of organization .
36,null,null,Camp was in such a hole though , and
37,null,null,for the sake of my friends and my campers and their families
38,null,null,I did the only thing I felt like I could do , and .
39,null,null,took on the directorship
40,null,null,It was rough .
41,null,null,My co - director continued to do little of anything , and
42,null,null,I felt like I was juggling grenades .
43,null,null,I could not fuck this up .
44,null,null,Kids I would been mentoring for years needed this camp to cope in a healthy way , and
45,null,null,for a number of parent couples , the week of camp was the last time they got to spend alone together before one of them would pass away from cancer .
46,null,null,My grades dropped a whole point , on average .
47,null,null,My volunteer research suffered , and
48,null,null,I really let down the post
49,null,null,doc
50,null,null,I was assisting ( Sorry Bethany ) .
51,null,null,My mental health took a nosedive as well .
52,null,null,I made camp happen .
53,null,null,It was ugly and bumpy and unorganized , but
54,null,null,I made it happen .
55,null,null,I took solace in the fact that the kids did not seem to notice the flaws , but
56,null,null,it did not do a lot good for my relationships with the other volunteers .
57,null,null,I redoubled my efforts at the beginning of my 5th and final year of college .
58,null,null,I moved into a house with some of the other volunteers who I was closest to .
59,null,null,I had to quit my research , and
60,null,null,I could not keep my grades where I wanted them , but camp planning was progressing well , especially after our national organization took notice of the lack of effort on my co - director is part and added a third director , my friend and newly minted roommate A. A helped enormously , but I still had so much on my plate .
61,null,null,To cope with the stress , my drug use started to skyrocket .
62,null,null,I was smoking weed and cigarettes all the time , and
63,null,null,to keep up with all my biochemistry coursework and 8 - 10 planning meetings
64,null,null,a week I was taking my prescribed adderall more often than I should have been .
65,null,null,I became thoroughly addicted .
66,null,null,In my final quarter of school , everything really fell apart .
67,null,null,I was completely overwhelmed , and .
68,null,null,became less and less effective at my job
69,null,null,I put A in the exact position that I had been in the previous year .
70,null,null,I could feel him resent me more and more every day , but
71,null,null,I was too ashamed to talk to him about it , and he never asked me how I was doing .
72,null,null,I barely graduated .
73,null,null,As soon as school was over I quit adderall cold turkey , because it had been putting me in a very dangerous mental headspace for weeks , but until then it had remained a necessity .
74,null,null,The withdrawals hit me like a truck .
75,null,null,Getting out of bed felt like a truly herculean task .
76,null,null,I was an empty husk of a human being and from graduation to camp in August
77,null,null,I contributed almost nothing to the camp .
78,null,null,I had nothing left to give .
79,null,null,A hated me by that point .
80,null,null,He began to tell people what he thought of me , and
81,null,null,they listened .
82,null,null,I watched helplessly as some of my closest friends and roommates began to look down upon me , if not for what A was saying then for my severely depressed behavior .
83,null,null,I could not even really blame them .
84,null,null,After camp , when we had our traditional fun awards ceremony , A was awarded " Most likely to make camp happen by himself " .
85,null,null,I was awarded " Linger " , a camp song I was known for singing , but also a very pointed jab .
86,null,null,It was humiliating .
87,null,null,At the afterparty that night I drunkenly told A everything .
88,null,null,He said it was ok , and
89,null,null,I cried lying drunk on the porch .
90,null,null,I lived in the house with him for a few more months while I looked for a job .
91,null,null,A was incredibly distant , and .
92,null,null,became more and more hostile over time
93,null,null,I got a job on a crab boat .
94,null,null,I had a few reasons for doing it , but
95,null,null,the most important reason in my head was that I might be lucky enough for it to kill me .
96,null,null,The day I moved out A sent me a 6 paragraph essay over text , detailing everything I would ever done that had disappointed him , and letting me know that there was nothing I could ever do to win his respect back .
97,null,null,I left the state to work on the crab boat .
98,null,null,For 5 months I lived in isolation , either working or chain smoking weed to keep myself from ruminating on all my failures .
99,null,null,The crab boat did almost kill me .
100,null,null,Multiple times , in fact .
101,null,null,In the end I quit , not because I was suddenly afraid to die , but
102,null,null,because my captain was the most sadistic piece of human scum I would ever met , and I could not take him any more .
103,null,null,I have spent the 5 months since then trying to find a job .
104,null,null,50 +
105,null,null,apps out
106,null,null,and I am no closer than when I started .
107,null,null,I have been up to visit the city I graduated in twice , but
108,null,null,both times I have been wracked with crippling anxiety .
109,null,null,I can tell how A affected the opinions of some of my closest friends , and
110,null,null,it kills me .
111,null,null,So , that is where I am .
112,null,null,I am going to go smoke a cigarette and pray that I get my dad is cancer even younger than he did .
1296 40
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Losing my mind at 20 !
2,null,null,So the best label I can put is depression
3,null,null,I do not know if that is what I am really going through tho long story short
4,null,null,I grew up in a pretty bad environment
5,null,null,had a single mother ( now that I am older
6,null,null,I understand stand that it must of been hard being a single mom
7,null,null,but what I was put thru is still
8,null,null,no excuse)who was very abusive verbally and
9,null,null,physically I remember having brooms broke across my back and head for simply spilling a drink , when I was 16 I was stabbed by mother and was taken to the hospital of course like many children who are abused
10,null,null,I did not speak up
11,null,null,I guess because of fear
12,null,null,but more because I did not want to be looked at like a sick puppy over the years I was able to cope with my environment and it became normal
13,null,null,the part that I do not understand is when I was 18
14,null,null,I decided to leave and
15,null,null,with no real support I was homeless for a bit I used to set daily goals for myself
16,null,null,so I would not let depression set in like find a job , etc
17,null,null,I bought a car with the little money I had and slept in that and
18,null,null,went to the gym to shower strangely enough that is when I was at the most happiness
19,null,null,I have ever felt flash a year later
20,null,null,I am 19
21,null,null,have an apartment a good job and
22,null,null,have the whole world in front of me
23,null,null,but I am not happy and
24,null,null,it is been a year I am 20 now and feel like I am 60
25,null,null,I have no drive and
26,null,null,think about ending my life everyday
27,null,null,I just simply feel numb or
28,null,null,like i m not connected to body
29,null,null,I also did not mention that I have siblings
30,null,null,and I think about them all the time I think that I am a terrible person for leaving them to live in that environment when I am free enjoying life
31,null,null,anytime
32,null,null,I feel joy it is instantly sucked from me because I began to think about my siblings and think what they are going thru
33,null,null,right now I wonder if they love me or hate me and its been taking a toll on me physically and mentally and at this point
34,null,null,I do not know what to do
35,null,null,I have not tried reaching out because that would mean I would have to see my mother
36,null,null,and I am no longer afraid of her
37,null,null,she simply does not deserve to see me at all I sometimes think when she is on her deathbed will she ever feel any remorse for what she has done
38,null,null,I also think when she goes to take her last breath
39,null,null,will she wonder about me she has not seen me since I left and
40,null,null,she will not ever again Any thoughts on what I should do ?
1297 31
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Sometimes i just think that Dylan Kleboldband Eric Harris were right you know ?
2,null,null,Fuck this world .
3,null,null,I have very few / no friends at school
4,null,null,( none of then want to invite me to hangout after school ) , I am an ugly piece of shit , short and weak , i have no social life , I do not get invited to any parties , I am invisible in the eyes of girls , everyone seems to enjoy high school and and
5,null,null,are experiencing a normal happy teenage life ,
6,null,null,then there is me .
7,null,null,No one cares about me I am fucking pathetic .
8,null,null,I hate my mom
9,null,null,she is a piece of shit
10,null,null,and i just want her out of my life and sometimes even dead .
11,null,null,I am incel .
12,null,null,This world is a shitty place .
13,null,null,I am so scared of what will happen if i somehow manage to literally survive high school .
14,null,null,Will i just work a boring job the rest of my life ?
15,null,null,Wake up , work , come home , sleep , repeat ?
16,null,null,What the fuck .
17,null,null,No one will even know of me let alone .
18,null,null,care about me
19,null,null,What if I can not find something to do when I grow up ?
20,null,null,Now is my chance to have fun and be a little bad without severe consequences and I am wasting it away being a depressed shit .
21,null,null,I am missing out .
22,null,null,What if nothing changes when I am too old to make that change ?
23,null,null,When I am passed the point of no return ?
24,null,null,This is no way to live .
25,null,null,School is shit .
26,null,null,I am shit .
27,null,null,My life is shit .
28,null,null,Everything is shit .
29,null,null,Fuck .
30,null,null,Edit-
31,null,null,i spelled klebold wrong
1298 51
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,A song of fire and ice
2,null,null,Hey everyone .
3,null,null,I am on mobile .
4,null,null,so pardon my typos which will happen
5,null,null,I would like to take this time to thank anyone who reads this as well as giving a shout out to anyone currently struggling with depression .
6,null,null,I have a long history with Type 1 Bipolar Disorder .
7,null,null,Although that is not necessarily depression in itself patients who are Bipolar are bound to eventually oscillate into that emotional polarity .
8,null,null,To give a quick summary here is what happened to me : I grew up incredibly wealthy .
9,null,null,My Father was an ex alcoholic .
10,null,null,My Mother died when I was 13 and my Father went back to drinking to cope with the loss of his wife ( my Mother ) .
11,null,null,My Father became suicidal and .
12,null,null,threw everything we had away
13,null,null,We went bankrupt and
14,null,null,I went to live with my Brother across the country .
15,null,null,My Brothers wife left him shortly after I moved in .
16,null,null,He became suicidal as well , .
17,null,null,ended up hospitalized
18,null,null,I moved back across the country again to live with my then pseudo homeless Father .
19,null,null,One day my Father shows up to my school drunk , gets arrested , I am taken in by the state and .
20,null,null,put into foster care
21,null,null,I end up living with an incredibly poor hispanic family and eat almost nothing everyday .
22,null,null,I have no bed .
23,null,null,I sleep on the floor .
24,null,null,The state then places me in an incredibly religious home where i essentially become a slave
25,null,null,and i cook and .
26,null,null,clean nonstop for an extremely wealthy catholic couple
27,null,null,They do not like me Because I liked hard rock .
28,null,null,My third stay
29,null,null,I end up living in a small apartment with a woman who was good at hiding her side prostitution gig and methamphetamine addiction .
30,null,null,After all the years my Father gets his life back under control .
31,null,null,He begins dating a wealthy woman who is not a fan of me .
32,null,null,He takes prolonged stays at her home about 40 miles away .
33,null,null,He would visit the house to restock it with food , .
34,null,null,pay the bills , then leave again
35,null,null,During this time i saw my Father maybe 15 times a year .
36,null,null,Each encounter was brief and .
37,null,null,lasted less than 30 minutes
38,null,null,During this I still went to school , cooked , did my laundry , and did kind of normal kid stuff .
39,null,null,The point of this story is I am an adult now who is married .
40,null,null,I am a software engineer .
41,null,null,I am financially stable .
42,null,null,Regardless of how dark it gets it is possible to make it out on top .
43,null,null,You have to focus and be strong .
44,null,null,Do whatever you need to do to survive .
45,null,null,If anyone has any questions or would like to chat , need advice , whatever please let me know .
46,null,null,I currently do volunteer work to aid people who suffer from Bipolar Disorder as well as others like ADHD or OCD .
47,null,null,I also , accidentally , mentor Fatherless children on Xbox Live (
48,null,null,strange , I know ) .
49,null,null,Its not easy out there and world and parents sometimes forget how hard it is being a teen .
50,null,null,No judgement .
51,null,null,I hope everyone has a good night ( or day , depending where you are at ) .
1299 25
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I have been in two accidents one in October
2,null,null,( went to take pictures of my sister in the parade , she was nominated for homecoming queen ) , and .
3,null,null,one in February
4,null,null,The first accident really messed not only my mind , but
5,null,null,my body up .
6,null,null,Now I am 23 , and .
7,null,null,have severe back , shoulder , and knee pain I have been treated that for , and other pain I just refuse that to go to the doctor for ( all from the first accident )
8,null,null,I have done the specialist thing , and physical therapy .
9,null,null,Nothing has made me feel better other than temporarily ( if all I do physically is nothing ) .
10,null,null,I can not work , .
11,null,null,clean , or do anything I enjoy without it making the pain worse
12,null,null,I am at my witsi end .
13,null,null,I am in the deepest hole I have ever been in .
14,null,null,I can not take having to choose between mental stability , and physical stability anymore .
15,null,null,Some days I wonder why I even get out of bed .
16,null,null,Nothing good comes out of it .
17,null,null,I would give anything in the world to feel better .
18,null,null,Last night I just cried myself to sleep , because I am not the only person dealing with this .
19,null,null,I take my emotions out on everyone around me including my husband .
20,null,null,Lately I can not help , but .
21,null,null,think he deserves better
22,null,null,I suppose I do not think I know .
23,null,null,Sorry for ranting like this , but
24,null,null,I just needed to get all of this out of my head .
25,null,null,I thought if it was not in there it would not bother me so much .
1300 12
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am so tired
2,null,null,My mood changes constantly .
3,null,null,I ca nt keep up .
4,null,null,My life is a mess .
5,null,null,My head is a mess .
6,null,null,I am on my 4th medication and
7,null,null,I feel like it is not working .
8,null,null,Again .
9,null,null,I have all these repressed memories coming up and
10,null,null,I hate it .
11,null,null,Why is my head so messed up ?
12,null,null,Why ca nt something just work for once ?
1301 39
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Cold turkey of Escitalopram
2,null,null,So let me begin this by saying this is a terrible idea
3,null,null,and I should definitely taper off with the help of my psychiatrist .
4,null,null,So , earlier this year after some lack of focus and insistent lethargy eventually my parents decided to take me to a psychiatrist .
5,null,null,One thing leads to another
6,null,null,and I am diagnosed with depression and .
7,null,null,put on a dose of escitalopram ( generic form of Lexapro ) 20 mg a day
8,null,null,Have a history of depression on my mother is side , and they had all the symptoms pretty severely minus the suicidal ideation , which I believed supported their diagnosis .
9,null,null,So as school was finishing up and I had exams to study for , I spent most afternoons essentially consciously unconscious as I was too tired and struggling to keep a focus on homework and related tasks .
10,null,null,Long story short told my parents I had been taking Adderall once and a while
11,null,null,and we talked to the psychiatrist
12,null,null,and he was very understanding and after trying to allow the SSRI to do its magic , he ultimately added an Adderall script to my regime .
13,null,null,So for some months I took the addy as needed and the anti - depressant as described ( other than the days I forgot ) .
14,null,null,So fast forward to summer and
15,null,null,while I am feeling marginally better , I was lead to believe the addy was doing most of the work .
16,null,null,So just last week I decided just to cold turkey
17,null,null,the SSRI .
18,null,null,Now , this was a slight test of seeing how I would react to abstaining from the meds ( which is an awful idea ) .
19,null,null,Strangely , I have noticed no real change whatsoever from when I was taking it to this past week of not taking it at all .
20,null,null,I am somewhat familiar with the omens regarding stopping an anti - depressant cold turkey and the associated rebound depression and serotonin - related issues , however , I am unsure why I have not experienced anything .
21,null,null,The optimistic side of me wants to explain this as my body just being weird and being able to withstand this drug - related anomaly .
22,null,null,The pessimistic side of me believes that it is related to escitalopram somewhat length half - life and that a nightmarish hell awaits me very soon .
23,null,null,Just as a side note , at the same time as my depression diagnosis , I also got a blood test which delivered wonderful news that I had Lyme is Disease ( which after much reading , I found exhibits many traits of depression and ADHD like disorders ) and was promptly treated .
24,null,null,Now I do not proclaim to be healed as I still exhibit a sense of lethargy , however , that might just be something I have become accustomed to and given getting out of my house , I am usually able to go out and be alive .
25,null,null,Obviously , not discussing this decision with my doctor is unnecessarily dangerous and naive , but
26,null,null,I just do not enjoy taking the medication and this past week kind of supports my idea that I do not really need to take the medication if I am able to function fine without it .
27,null,null,Forgive me for this whole backstory of my last year , I just was unsure if some of this information might be useful in determining what is happening .
28,null,null,*
29,null,null,* tlr
30,null,null,*
31,null,null,* : got lethargic and lacked focus this last year , diagnosed with depression and Lyme is disease
32,null,null,, been on escitalopram since spring and Adderall
33,null,null,( whenever I choose to take it ) since mid - Mayish .
34,null,null,Have stopped taking escitalopram for about a week now and .
35,null,null,am not exhibiting any withdrawals or issues regarding the cold turkey
36,null,null,My question is : am I an anomaly or am I due for a bitter time in the near future ?
37,null,null,QUICK EDIT :
38,null,null,just wanna say I tried looking up this lack of side effects from cold turkey , but
39,null,null,all I can seem to find is the side - effects of not taking the medication , so if someone has some website or anecdotal experience they can refer me to , that would be much appreciated
1302 6
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Birthday Vent I have not celebrated my birthday for years now .
2,null,null,The most i have received is a happy birthday from my family , while the rest of my family gets full blown celebrations / dinners , etc .
3,null,null,So considering everything I went into today expecting just the congratulations and that is it , turns out my entire family went out to eat and celebrate the birthday of a family friend and left me behind .
4,null,null,It hurt , but
5,null,null,i guess people eventually get used to being ignored .
6,null,null,Happy 20
1303 11
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Any recommended supplements / vitamins for depression ?
2,null,null,( Or maybe just tips in general )
3,null,null,Lately , I have been taking Vitamin D and
4,null,null,doing some light exercising throughout the week
5,null,null,and I have noticed the improvement on my mood .
6,null,null,It might just be a placebo type of thing , but
7,null,null,it would be great if any of you guys can recommend more alternatives / habits to do when depressed .
8,null,null,I have depression and
9,null,null,I sometimes recognize when I am starting to fall into a pit of despair
10,null,null,and I try my best to avoid it all costs-
11,null,null,it is almost impossible to crawl back out !
1304 16
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I was so happy last week .
2,null,null,I spent a week with my long distance boyfriend for our anniversary .
3,null,null,It was the happiest I would been in weeks .
4,null,null,I knocked a few things off my bucket list , like casinos , a septum piercing , and walking barefoot in the gulf of Mexico .
5,null,null,I was so , so unbelievably happy .
6,null,null,Now that I am back home , I am back to being just as despondent as I was before .
7,null,null,I am cold and distant again .
8,null,null,I do not want to talk to anybody .
9,null,null,I am back at work , in a horrible job with horrible people .
10,null,null,I do not want to talk to my mom because she does not get it
11,null,null,and it feels like she can not be bothered to try .
12,null,null,My boyfriend is amazing and supportive
13,null,null,but I know this is putting so much strain on our relationship .
14,null,null,I am trying so hard
15,null,null,but I feel so stuck .
16,null,null,I guess you could say that I am not doing too great .
1305 52
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Hi everybody !
2,null,null,I am new here
3,null,null,and I want to tell my story in brief and ask you a few questions .
4,null,null,I am 27 now .
5,null,null,Female .
6,null,null,I am studying on PhD in one of the US universities .
7,null,null,I have been suffering from different kinds of psychological problems ( mainly , depression ) for 7 years already .
8,null,null,I always tried to handle my depression by myself .
9,null,null,And only once , when depression became unbearable , I went to psychiatrist .
10,null,null,I had therapy and AD for a few months .
11,null,null,That was about 5 - 51/2 years ago .
12,null,null,Now I have strong depression again .
13,null,null,I feel that I can not handle it by myself and that I am tired of fighting it on my own .
14,null,null,That is why I have scheduled an appointment with a psychiatrist .
15,null,null,My questions : 1 .
16,null,null,I feel that this depression is different from depressions I experienced before : I started to masturbate like crazy ( 4 - 5 times a day ) and
17,null,null,can not stop -
18,null,null,it has been like this for a few weeks already
19,null,null,and I seriously started to think about involving in some homosexual relationship ( which I have never done before ) .
20,null,null,I also started to read a lot of porno stories .
21,null,null,2 .
22,null,null,I am thinking almost constantly about suicide .
23,null,null,I mean , I do not think about committing suicide .
24,null,null,NO .
25,null,null,I WANT TO LIVE .
26,null,null,It is kind of obsessive thought playing in my mind : " I feel bad ..
27,null,null,suicide ..
28,null,null,many people do that .. suicide " .
29,null,null,It is kind of always in my mind .
30,null,null,Sometimes I even have a feeling of the rope on my neck ( I do not think about other kinds of suicide which is , probably , explained by the fact that my father hung himself ) .
31,null,null,3 .
32,null,null,Where am I going guys ?
33,null,null,Am I going to some serious psycho disease or what ?
34,null,null,Am I still normal
35,null,null,( I feel like I am still normal ) .
36,null,null,Have you ever experienced something like this ?
37,null,null,Honestly , what I am afraid of is that at some point I might start seriously consider these suicidal thoughts .
38,null,null,I think this is what happened to my dad . 4 .
39,null,null,I have been here , in the US , only for 1 year .
40,null,null,So , I do not know how the system works .
41,null,null,If I come to a psychiatrist and
42,null,null,tell her that I have these " suicidal " thoughts
43,null,null,will she make me to be in the hospital
44,null,null,( I hate even think about this ) .
45,null,null,Should I even tell her about that ?
46,null,null,Should I be very honest and open ?
47,null,null,When I went to our University Health Center to get a referral form , I did not say anything about that .
48,null,null,So , I am a bit afraid of trusting a psychiatrist .
49,null,null,Maybe , I do not need to tell her everything .
50,null,null,What would be your advice ?
51,null,null,I would greatly appreciate your help .
52,null,null,Thanks .
1306 35
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I do not know what I am doing anymore
2,null,null,I feel empty
3,null,null,, I feel bored , I feel depressed and
4,null,null,I just want to sleep
5,null,null,but even the thought of sleeping while there is so much going on outside this house makes me anxious .
6,null,null,Tomorrow I have another test and
7,null,null,I am skipping school again .
8,null,null,I already skipped today because I was too lazy to start studying before Sunday and
9,null,null,of course I did not know shit , so
10,null,null,instead of taking responsibility I just skipped school .
11,null,null,And I am skipping again tomorrow because I studied even less for this test .
12,null,null,My grandpa , the father of my mother , is risking death in an hospital bed .
13,null,null,My mother is with him in the hospital everyday and every night to keep him company in his last moments of his life and
14,null,null,she cries everyday .
15,null,null,It hurts me
16,null,null,so see her suffering so much .
17,null,null,And it hurts me to see my grandpa in such critical conditions .
18,null,null,I feel like they are both miserable
19,null,null,but I do not know how to help .
20,null,null,I wanna hang out with my friends to get rid of all these bad thoughts
21,null,null,but I do not have many , and
22,null,null,if I ask them right now they will just answer sorry
23,null,null,, we can not hang out , we have to study .
24,null,null,Which is true , I know it is because I should study , too .
25,null,null,But I do not .
26,null,null,I just spend my days staying at home , listening to music and crying because I am a pathetic piece of shit .
27,null,null,I hate my life .
28,null,null,There is so much monotony in everything .
29,null,null,I wanna try new things .
30,null,null,I wanna make new friends .
31,null,null,I wanna visit new places .
32,null,null,I wanna become a new person .
33,null,null,But I do not know how to do it .
34,null,null,Sorry for this mess ..
35,null,null,English is not my first language .
1307 28
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Ok I have a couple of questions ..
2,null,null,I guess .
3,null,null,1st is I finally managed to make myself an appointment with a psychiatrist ( it is not till May ) .
4,null,null,Now I am having second thoughts about it .
5,null,null,I just pretty much want to go in for an evaluation ( to see if there is a problem ) and see if maybe there is a short term solution for the suicidal thoughts I have been having .
6,null,null,I have got a summer job I am leaving for in June
7,null,null,and than I am moving to another city after that .
8,null,null,( So basically something till I am stable with where I am living and job ) .
9,null,null,I assume I am only going to be able to see 1 doctor , 1 time before than .
10,null,null,So 2nd thoughts have been
11,null,null,should I just wait to see someone when I actually get settled .
12,null,null,Also if a psychiatrist is who I want to see ( I have never been to anyone before for my mental
13,null,null,health)
14,null,null,..
15,null,null,that is what the intake coordinator suggested .
16,null,null,Also I was wondering if they could hospitalize you for suicidal thoughts without your permission ?
17,null,null,Ok now on to the suicidal thoughts questions (
18,null,null,and just so people know I do not feel myself to be in any immediate or near immediate danger to myself ) .
19,null,null,One main thing is does depression have to be present for suicidal thoughts / actions ?
20,null,null,I often find my mind turns more to thoughts of suicide and death when I feel relatively normal mood wise .
21,null,null,And that when I have feel really depressed the thought of suicide rarely crosses my mind
22,null,null,( but the pain is more severe ) .
23,null,null,I guess that is really all I have .
24,null,null,Sorry if the topic is inappropriate for this forum .
25,null,null,I just wanted to ask .. and .. but .
26,null,null,maybe discuss with someone
27,null,null,do not really feel that it is a problem for me right now
28,null,null,If someone wants to talk in PMs I would not mind either .
1308 47
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am sort of new ..
2,null,null,Here is the short version : I am 26 year old man .
3,null,null,Single .
4,null,null,No kids .
5,null,null,I live in Arizona ( USA ) .
6,null,null,My father was a workaholic , and an alcoholic .
7,null,null,So usually he was not present , and
8,null,null,when he was he was abusive .
9,null,null,In addition , mental illness runs in my family .
10,null,null,At the age of 5 I was sexually molested by a neighbor .
11,null,null,I can recall my anxiety always being there .
12,null,null,It is something I have always fought with especially in social situations .
13,null,null,My family completely isolated me when I was growing up , in the name of protecting me .
14,null,null,As a result I never really learned social skills until I was older .
15,null,null,I grew up being abused by my peers throughout school .
16,null,null,Found myself taken in by the only people who would accept me as I was : the misfits , outcasts , drug - users .
17,null,null,Early into my teen years depression came as an addition to my anxiety .
18,null,null,Around 16 I started to get into substance abuse .
19,null,null,The only thing I ever used was LSD on weekends regularly .
20,null,null,A year later this extended into ecstasy and LSD .
21,null,null,I had a traumatic experience and .
22,null,null,stopped using anything about a year after that
23,null,null,My anxiety became so overwhelming I could not function .
24,null,null,So at this time I first started seeing a counselor and a psychiatrist .
25,null,null,They put me on Clonzepam .
26,null,null,My last year in high school my father was starting to lose it
27,null,null,so my mother asked me to leave so we did not kill each other .
28,null,null,I had an inheritance from another relative
29,null,null,and I lived off that .
30,null,null,I went 2 whole years without speaking to my father .
31,null,null,I sunk deep into depression , and .
32,null,null,returned to substance abuse
33,null,null,The Clonzepam was not working anymore .
34,null,null,After being outcast from my family , I went full on into the dark side .
35,null,null,What was just LSD and ecstasy usage branched into cocaine , meth , marijuana , and virtually anything my friends and I could find .
36,null,null,This culminated in an extreme suicide attempt about a year out of high school .
37,null,null,After getting out of the mental hospital , I went totally straight and .
38,null,null,have not touched any drugs since then
39,null,null,The 8 years following have been a rollercoaster .
40,null,null,One moment being on top of the world , having everything I could ever want .
41,null,null,Another losing everything .
42,null,null,Several long horrible relationships occurred in this time .
43,null,null,Over the years my doctor has moved me around on various medicines .
44,null,null,I have been using Effexor since 1998 .
45,null,null,Currenlty
46,null,null,I take Lamictal in addition to it .
47,null,null,I suffer from chronic reoccurring depression , social phobia , and generalized anxiety disorder .
1309 7
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Fuck you for being happy around me Goddamn it , I can not even think straight .
2,null,null,I hate the people who make me happy because they choose not to .
3,null,null,I am completely alone , and
4,null,null,the worst thimg was thinking for a day or two that would not last forever .
5,null,null,Except I do not think that , I know that its bot like I have a bad fate , I am not destined to never have any friends and feel this way my whole life .
6,null,null,Its stupid to say that I am .
7,null,null,Except I am .
1310 12
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Realizations / habits I have .
2,null,null,Anyone else ?
3,null,null,Talking for too long about something no one cares about .
4,null,null,Oversharing my problems when people ask why I am always upset .
5,null,null,-Or a reluctance to talk about my problems to someone that actually cares because no one else does .
6,null,null,Making unnecessary expensive purchases to temporarily pad my self esteem .
7,null,null,Making radical changes to my appearance to seem in control of my life .
8,null,null,Oversharing on social media ( being too depressing ) .
9,null,null,Waiting for someone to start a conversation with me or initiate a friendship rather than the other way around Feeling entitled to people is time and attention when I hardly give people mine .
10,null,null,Either oversleeping or .
11,null,null,hardly sleeping at all
12,null,null,etc etc etc
1311 11
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Birthdays are the hardest time for me Every year relatives call me and every year same old convo .
2,null,null,Anyone special in your life ?
3,null,null,Any closer to getting married .
4,null,null,And I know it stupid
5,null,null,but it kills me every time .
6,null,null,Because I am not and
7,null,null,every year I reflect on spending another year of existence alone and only have another year of loneliness to look forward to .
8,null,null,I have tried to immerse myself in hobbies like movies .
9,null,null,Focus all my energy on school or
10,null,null,working out
11,null,null,but I guess some voids are too large to fill .
1312 53
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I need help
2,null,null,Please help , I do not know what is happening
3,null,null,and I can not control my emotions .
4,null,null,I am losing it .
5,null,null,I went to my mom
6,null,null,is house and
7,null,null,when I got there , there were guests staying over that I did not know .
8,null,null,I have very severe social anxiety
9,null,null,so this is not good .
10,null,null,When I called my mom before driving to her house , she specifically said that no guests were over and it was okay to come .
11,null,null,She lied .
12,null,null,I went inside the house and asked my mom about the guests , she told me that she intentially lied to me because she wanted me to come over and knew that I was not going to come over if there were guests there .
13,null,null,I freaked out .
14,null,null,My mom completely disrespected my boundaries and .
15,null,null,said the equivalent of fuck your social anxiety , do I want what I quickly left the house and went back into my car
16,null,null,I wanted to leave there because I knew I could not handle socializing with other people .
17,null,null,However , my mom followed me back into my car and .
18,null,null,started to ask why I was leaving
19,null,null,I tell her that she lied to me and I can not take deal with my social anxiety .
20,null,null,She says she does not believe my social anxiety is real
21,null,null,( mind you , I have spent two month in a psychiatric hospital last year ) and .
22,null,null,says she wants me to stay
23,null,null,I tell her fuck off and
24,null,null,get out of my car
25,null,null,but she does not leave .
26,null,null,At this point I do not know what to do
27,null,null,so I freak out .
28,null,null,We have an argument for an hour .
29,null,null,She is not leaving my car and .
30,null,null,is yelling at me
31,null,null,We eventually decide that I should go to my sisters house to sleep .
32,null,null,I leave but
33,null,null,now I have so much anxiety that I can not drive .
34,null,null,I park my car in a nearby parking lot deciding what I want to do .
35,null,null,I have so much anxiety at this point that I made a post of /r / suicidewatch but quickly deleted it .
36,null,null,Then my mom calls me and .
37,null,null,eventually asks me if I am driving to my sisters house
38,null,null,I do not respond to the question because I do not want to lie , and
39,null,null,she finds out that Icwas nearby .
40,null,null,She freaks out .
41,null,null,She accuses me of lying to her when I did not lie .
42,null,null,She then takes her car and .
43,null,null,starts to find where I was
44,null,null,She finds me
45,null,null,and then we have an argument for two hours .
46,null,null,She keeps on yelling at me saying that I should come back to the house and forget about my anxiety .
47,null,null,I tell her I wanted to go back to the psychiatric ward in the hospital
48,null,null,and she says that I am being fucking ridiculous and should stop thinking like this .
49,null,null,She eventually leaves my car saying that I should come sleep in her house and that everything will be fine .
50,null,null,Right now it is 2 am
51,null,null,and I am still in my car
52,null,null,and I am so fucking mentally fucked up
53,null,null,I do not know what to do .
1313 13
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,does it ever feel like your friends are nt really there ?
2,null,null,I genuinely care for and
3,null,null,love my friends
4,null,null,so I regularly ask them how they are doing on messenger since they all live so far away .
5,null,null,I know my friends struggle with depression
6,null,null,so I make it a point to contact them and let them know I am here for them .
7,null,null,But most times I am left on " read " or .
8,null,null,get lukewarm responses , as though they are annoyed
9,null,null,They do not really initiate conversation with me and .
10,null,null,rarely ask me how I am doing
11,null,null,I hope I do not sound selfish in any way , but
12,null,null,it just feels weird to care so much for people who do not seem to care that much for you .
13,null,null,It hurts sometimes that I also struggle with depression but have no one to talk to ..
1314 66
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I have had borderline personality disorder since I was a little kid .
2,null,null,Although then the therapist said it was Bipolar Disorder and ADHD .
3,null,null,Since then I have been on pretty much every medication you can imagine and even sent to a temporary mental hospital .
4,null,null,It is not until now that I self diagnosed myself with BPD .
5,null,null,I do not even think my doctor really thinks I have that although considering all the research I have done I fit the description perfectly .
6,null,null,Since the age of 13 I was being self destructive by slamming my head in the during times of stress .
7,null,null,was
8,null,null,The first time I starting cutting was when I was 21 .
9,null,null,This was after an ex boyfriend left me .
10,null,null,We had only been dating for 3 months .
11,null,null,Sad huh .
12,null,null,This went on sporadically for about a year and a half
13,null,null,( during that time I committed myself ) .
14,null,null,Finally I started dating my next boyfriend .
15,null,null,He told me if I did not stop cutting he would leave me .
16,null,null,I stopped .
17,null,null,We dated 2 years and .
18,null,null,then broke up
19,null,null,I am now 27 and .
20,null,null,married to another man who is 12 years older than me
21,null,null,We have been married almost a year ( together for 3.5 years ) and about 3 months ago I started cutting again .
22,null,null,This time it is 3 times worse
23,null,null,and I can not seem to stop .
24,null,null,I am covered in scars and
25,null,null,I have even gone as far as cutting the inside of my wrist .
26,null,null,I am currently on Wellbutrin which does seem to be working
27,null,null,( I do have a lot of good days ) .
28,null,null,Although since I started to become depressed again I have been having a hard time dealing with the fact that my husband has a son .
29,null,null,It did not bother me as much ( just a little ) before because I did my best to stay busy .
30,null,null,Since I got married I lost all my friends and .
31,null,null,now spend every other weekend alone
32,null,null,Mostly in bed .
33,null,null,I never had to play mom before
34,null,null,so I never thought I would ever be in the position to
35,null,null,, so I just stayed out of the way .
36,null,null,Plus , his son does not like me being around .
37,null,null,Which makes me feel worse .
38,null,null,In my state of mind I can not deal with that .
39,null,null,My alone time is when I cut the most .
40,null,null,My husband and I are in therapy , my therapist wants us to work .
41,null,null,I am not so sure I can stay with him .
42,null,null,Although I am having a hard time leaving .
43,null,null,I am just so tired of feeling so alone all the time
44,null,null,and he is just not capable of being there for me .
45,null,null,This puts extra stress on him
46,null,null,and I do not want that .
47,null,null,Plus , it is my fault
48,null,null,I married him
49,null,null,, I knew he had a kid .
50,null,null,I guess I did not know I would get bad again .
51,null,null,Last week we talked about me leaving .
52,null,null,He ran upstairs and ( he said he will fight for me )
53,null,null,cried
54,null,null,I went straight for the exacto knife .
55,null,null,I had suicide in mind although I see myself as a wimp in that area which makes me feel even worse about myself .
56,null,null,I cut 5 times on the inside of my wrist
57,null,null,but I guess not deep enough .
58,null,null,He came down and .
59,null,null,found me
60,null,null,My antidepressants work almost 80 % of the time
61,null,null,but whenever I think of losing my husband I get sad and hopeless .
62,null,null,Every time I think of staying with him and feeling the way I do all the time I get sad and hopeless .
63,null,null,I feel cornered .
64,null,null,Cutting make it all feel better , suicide sounds comforting .
65,null,null,If anyone can relate or .
66,null,null,has any good advice I am welcome to it
1315 13
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Today is my 45th birthday .
2,null,null,Today is my 45th birthday .
3,null,null,Being 45 does not bug me as much as the lack of accomplishments and life lived in those years .
4,null,null,I have spent the last 20 years lost in depression .
5,null,null,I am tired , hopeless , ashamed , and emotionally defeated .
6,null,null,I go to bed scared and .
7,null,null,wake up disappointed
8,null,null,People ask if I am suicidal , and
9,null,null,my answer is , " I am open to the possibility . "
10,null,null,People ask if I am planning , and I say , " No , not actively .
11,null,null,I have already planned it out .
12,null,null," I can not understand why I am still here nor
13,null,null,do I understand why I stay .
1316 13
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am a 21 year old male , who has been depressed for about two years , ever since I moved to GA from New York .
2,null,null,I have social anxiety , and
3,null,null,I am a victim of child sex abuse .
4,null,null,I have no friends in this state because I was raised in a minority neighborhood , but
5,null,null,in this state , there are only a few .
6,null,null,Even in New York , I only have two friends , one who has not talked to me since I moved here .
7,null,null,There is nothing worth doing or seeing in this place .
8,null,null,There are no buses , trains , malls , sidewalks , coliseums , etc ..
9,null,null,I am losing my mind .
10,null,null,I do not do anything but .
11,null,null,go online and watch tv all day
12,null,null,Where is the chat room for this site ?
13,null,null,I clicked Join Live Chat , thinking it was a real chat room .
1317 32
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Am I depressed or just self - pitying ?
2,null,null,I do not really understand what counts as depression
3,null,null,but I have had no motivation to really do anything since as long as I can remember .
4,null,null,Sometimes I get a burst of motivation and
5,null,null,try to do something
6,null,null,but I give up really easily .
7,null,null,It is really easy to say that I am depressed as an excuse for the way I feel
8,null,null,but I am still able to function
9,null,null,so I do not think I can say I am .
10,null,null,I still shower , , , even the gym sometimes .
11,null,null,eat
12,null,null,go to work
13,null,null,I am not really close with my family , I rarely talk to them and
14,null,null,its only when they talk to me
15,null,null,and I am okay with that since I do not really feel like I want to or could hold a conversation with them .
16,null,null,Friends
17,null,null,I have , I hang out with them sometimes but
18,null,null,half the time it feels like a lot of work .
19,null,null,I have a girlfriend and
20,null,null,I cling to her so hard because I am so happy when I am with her and when I am not with her
21,null,null,I am always thinking of her and .
22,null,null,get sad that I am not with her
23,null,null,She recently told me that the way I think of relationships is immature and she ca nt offer that much time to me since she has other friends who need her too and get mad at her for not soending enough time with them .
24,null,null,I can not let go of the way I think relatiomships should be
25,null,null,and I want her to reciprocate even if I know it is irrational
26,null,null,and I do not feel like
27,null,null,anything else in life is really worth living for .
28,null,null,I am not suicidal though , there is a few times
29,null,null,it crossed my mind
30,null,null,but I always think about how I would not really ever do it or start regretting it while thinking about it because what if things do get better ?
31,null,null,Other times I feel like going to sleep one night and not waking up .
32,null,null,would be nice though
1318 56
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Feeling trapped in my head First off I am Autistic
2,null,null,, I am studying at Oxford
3,null,null,I am struggling to remember anything , like anything at all , people , faces , dates , facts , etc .
4,null,null,I am feeling more and more alone because I do not feel like I have anything good to think about .
5,null,null,I have a girlfriend , she is in the forces and
6,null,null,has a lot of structure and meaning to her life
7,null,null,and I like that
8,null,null,but I see my life as completely pointless .
9,null,null,So about a year I was cycling in the dark
10,null,null,and I was hit by a car , I flew over the bonnet and .
11,null,null,hit my head
12,null,null,I was out for about half an hour , till I regained conscience in the back of an ambulance , and
13,null,null,the crews were cutting off my clothes and pumping me full of morphine .
14,null,null,Before this accident I had a very good memory , and
15,null,null,my parent would say I could talk about anything that had happened from when I was a child .
16,null,null,I was having some weird relationships at the time with different people , and
17,null,null,I only came out to them after I was in hospital for a month after the accident
18,null,null,, I did not want to say anything because I did not want to worry them .
19,null,null,I valued their feeling more over my own life , and
20,null,null,I still do that now with other people .
21,null,null,Things started to crash after the accident , I lost people really good friends
22,null,null,and I knew it was me , and
23,null,null,I changed and something during that accident had altered me , and I hated it .
24,null,null,I started to forget people very quickly and .
25,null,null,events that had happened and horribly people who had died and continuously not realising they had died
26,null,null,That upset a lot of people .
27,null,null,Before everything happened I had broken up with a girl
28,null,null,( but i did not realise that after ) , now I can not remember what we did together or even how we met , but I can not get the thought of her out my head , she later told me to leave never come back , which I did .
29,null,null,But even now I still have the feeling of thought of her , and
30,null,null,I am struggling to get rid of that
31,null,null,, I do not love her
32,null,null,and I am not in love her
33,null,null,, I just feel like i am obsessed with her a person I know nothing about
34,null,null,and It haunts me .
35,null,null,I have been to a few separate doctors and .
36,null,null,have been recommended medication , I believe which it has just made it worse
37,null,null,I have talk to my parents
38,null,null,but they just talk highly of the pro
39,null,null,is of medication and councillors .
40,null,null,Hate councillors .
41,null,null,( I always ended up lying to them )
42,null,null,Since everything I have had some real down point , and .
43,null,null,made two attempts , by failed due to people walking in randomly either whilst in progress or while setting up
44,null,null,I have already made necessary precautions by writing letters , addressing them and stamping them but non .
45,null,null,have been sent
46,null,null,I want to tell my gf
47,null,null,but I feel like
48,null,null,, I do not want to throw feelings away by her thinking '
49,null,null,he is a sobbing kid , or
50,null,null,he is crazy or why am I with him ' -
51,null,null,I would rather hide it not to upset her , people mean everything in the world to me , and
52,null,null,I would give my life for her , any day .
53,null,null,But I still want to tell her , and .
54,null,null,I do not her to be scared of me
55,null,null,When I close my eyes and think of a memory , I just see grey mist or static like of a television .
56,null,null,It does not feel nice not having anything to fall back on in your mind , things that made you happy .
1319 21
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I was just reading back over the past few entries .
2,null,null,I have been in tough shape and
3,null,null,I did not realize how tough until I read it over .
4,null,null,The depression , the arthritis , and the circumstances of my life all have been conspiring to keep me down .
5,null,null,My therapist was right , I think , when she said on Monday that I needed sometime to just " be " .
6,null,null,I have stopped answering my phone and .
7,null,null,have spend most of the past few days watching DVDs , playing computer games and resting my sore body
8,null,null,I feel better emotionally since I have been doing this .
9,null,null,I wish I did not feel so horribly guilty for checking out of the world for a few days , but
10,null,null,I am willing to cope with it if it makes ma feel a little better .
11,null,null,The other thing I am feeling guilty about is this training I am supposed to go to in Washington , DC in two weeks .
12,null,null,I feel like if I go
13,null,null,I will be letter all sorts of people down at work .
14,null,null,I have even contacted the people running the training and , but
15,null,null,asked if I can delay it
16,null,null,it is now or never and since it is all expenses paid in Washington for three days if I pass it up at the last minute I am screwing someone else out of the opportunity .
17,null,null,If I go or
18,null,null,if I do not go
19,null,null,I am going to feel guilty and selfish .
20,null,null,I am not going to decide now though .
21,null,null,I am just going to keep up with the resting for another day .
1320 15
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Am I the only one who believes in fantasies and lies to cope with not killing myself ?
2,null,null,I believe that one day , the girl I like will like me back .
3,null,null,I believe that she will reconsider rejecting me , and apologize to me and we can be in a relationship as more than good friends .
4,null,null,I believe that I will be prepared for my career when I leave college .
5,null,null,I believe that I will find an internship this summer and every summer after that .
6,null,null,I believe that I will impress employers with my fantastic resume .
7,null,null,I believe that I will make lots of good everlasting friends in college and that I will make even more friends at my workplace in the next three years .
8,null,null,The relationships with my high school friends will only strengthen and
9,null,null,we will be a group for decades to come .
10,null,null,I believe all of the people I know now .
11,null,null,I believe that I will graduate in the next three years , and that I will be able to get As in my classes to increase my GPA .
12,null,null,I believe I can graduate with honors , I believe that I will have enough money saved to actually visit Japan .
13,null,null,I believe all of these things because I know I am a failure at life , and
14,null,null,I know I am not " built " to survive and dwell in this world .
15,null,null,One day , I will end my life just when my fantasies can no longer be maintained .
1321 57
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,People I love keep dying .
2,null,null,I can not take it anymore .
3,null,null,On New Year is Eve
4,null,null,I got a phone call at 1 in the morning that one of my closest friends died .
5,null,null,I did not believe it .
6,null,null,I thought it was a joke .
7,null,null,It was not .
8,null,null,His brother made a post on Facebook letting everyone know .
9,null,null,It felt like a bad dream .
10,null,null,I could not stop crying .
11,null,null,I cried at work .
12,null,null,I tried to get time off , but
13,null,null,they did not offer bereavement for people who were not immediate family .
14,null,null,I was so distraught that I could not go to the funeral .
15,null,null,I was afraid to see his body .
16,null,null,I hate myself for being so weak .
17,null,null,He was 28 .
18,null,null,It should not be .
19,null,null,He should still be alive .
20,null,null,Four months later , my grandfather died .
21,null,null,We were close .
22,null,null,The last time we talked he said " that is my sweetheart , that is my pride and joy .
23,null,null," I sat with him in the hospital and .
24,null,null,watched Aubrey Hepburn
25,null,null,We promised to see each other again soon .
26,null,null,I saw him a week later in hospice .
27,null,null,He was catatonic .
28,null,null,I told him it was okay to let go , okay to move on if he was in pain .
29,null,null,They say hearing is the final sense to go .
30,null,null,He died thirty minutes after I left .
31,null,null,On July 1st my mother told me that she is been diagnosed with cancer .
32,null,null,They took a biopsy of her lymph node yesterday to see if it has spread there .
33,null,null,She is on a month of leave from work .
34,null,null,That was the final straw for me , I think .
35,null,null,I feel like a shell of who I was before December 31st .
36,null,null,I am terrified of the future .
37,null,null,I remember when my friend died , I asked myself who I would lose next .
38,null,null,I had no idea things would spiral down and down .
39,null,null,Everyday is a struggle for me to stay at work .
40,null,null,All I want to do is sleep .
41,null,null,I have constant migraines ( a chronic condition ) , and
42,null,null,the pain paired with the grief is absolute hell .
43,null,null,I started seeing a counselor about a month ago , and
44,null,null,I like her
45,null,null,but she can only do so much .
46,null,null,I am on medication , and
47,null,null,I have a good support system .
48,null,null,But the sorrow is just overwhelming .
49,null,null,I feel like this grief is never going to end .
50,null,null,I was not ready to say goodbye to them .
51,null,null,I do not want to lose my mom .
52,null,null,I am not even thirty .
53,null,null,I am not ready to wake up knowing that she is not with me anymore .
54,null,null,I can not take anymore .
55,null,null,I have been crying all day .
56,null,null,I do not really know what I expect to see from anyone here , but
57,null,null,I am just so lost .
1322 16
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,My depression is getting worse
2,null,null,And the bad thing is that I already did all the things that someone would say to a depressed person .
3,null,null,I have talked to a lot of psychologists ( for about 5 years or maybe more )
4,null,null,, psychiatrist , I have been on antidepressants meds , I Meditate every day
5,null,null,, I have been on several nofap periods
6,null,null,( I broke a lot of streaks btw ) , I do physical exercise ( I used to be a gym rat )
7,null,null,and when I am out I try to be social
8,null,null,( I am out basically only when I go to work or to the gym ) .
9,null,null,But still my life is shit , I do not have friends ,
10,null,null,neither a gf , social interactions with women are nearly 0
11,null,null,and I think that all of them are bitches .
12,null,null,I am also poor and
13,null,null,I do not see any way things can get better
14,null,null,, I feel like I tried all the things that should help and nothing has helped .
15,null,null,Sometimes I laugh when I realize the absurdity of my life and my situation .
16,null,null,I do not really know for how much it can go on like this , I see that the moment when I will buy a gun and shot myself in the head is coming ..
1323 7
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,A stranger hugged me yesterday
2,null,null,I was crying yesterday talking to my professors because I was having an awful day .
3,null,null,And this stoner kid comes into the room because he did not realize we were having a conversation .
4,null,null,He felt really bad and .
5,null,null,gave me a hug and left
6,null,null,He was definitely high but
7,null,null,it made me feel slightly better .
1324 16
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,These ups and downs are too much for me
2,null,null,I finally went to the dr and
3,null,null,got a prescription for an AD
4,null,null,but I feel like it is worse than before .
5,null,null,My lows are so low .
6,null,null,My highs are just feeling normal .
7,null,null,I have never seriously thought of suicide before but .
8,null,null,thoughts creep in my mind now
9,null,null,I can not sleep .
10,null,null,Constantly worried about things in my life .
11,null,null,I have no reason to feel this way .
12,null,null,On the outside , things are fine .
13,null,null,Good even .
14,null,null,I do not dare tell my friends
15,null,null,so they do not worry about me .
16,null,null,But sometimes I do not know what to do .
1325 9
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Can we talk about comments for a minute
2,null,null,This subreddit has helped me so much and
3,null,null,it has helped thousands of people just the same .
4,null,null,It is supposed to be a place of understanding and help , but
5,null,null,when I see comments saying " tough luck " " boo hoo poor me " or anything of the sort I just infuriates me to the extreme .
6,null,null,If you are not here to help or be helped then simply leave , this community is for helping those in need , not for trolling or for laughing at .
7,null,null,It is seriously sick that people would be so cruel to others when they did not ask for anything but help .
8,null,null,If you are not here to help , leave , .
9,null,null,simple as that
1326 6
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I got really drunk and .
2,null,null,talked to myself for 5 hours straight sitting alone in a dark kitchen
3,null,null,It felt good .
4,null,null,It sounds crazy , but
5,null,null,i felt so relieved , i literally started saying everything i ever wanted to say , about depression , world , society , about my suicide attempts , dissapointments , dreams , pain , everything i ever wanted to say .
6,null,null,I think i m going insane .
1327 51
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Any advice on how to handle leaving my only friend ?
2,null,null,LAST thing I need right now is the pain
3,null,null,but I think I have to .
4,null,null,I have posted here a few times before and .
5,null,null,never got much for replies , which is ok
6,null,null,I really do hope I can get some insight on this particular issue however .
7,null,null,For so long I have been completely alone
8,null,null,and it really sucked .
9,null,null,I managed to connect with my Cousin a couple of years ago and but
10,null,null,we have had a lot of great times ,
11,null,null,more often than not lately it seems I feel bad after dropping her off instead of good that we hung out .
12,null,null,We have hung out like 3 times a week for a couple years now .
13,null,null,I feel like we have a real connection
14,null,null,but she does not show it if she feels the same .
15,null,null,I am an alcoholic
16,null,null,and so is she
17,null,null,, so we drink together a lot .
18,null,null,I certainly would be able to quit if I did not have to drink to be around her .
19,null,null,Besides the booze I have no idea
20,null,null,what other drugs she is into ; I know coke for sure , probably smoking crack time to time , she is made jokes about wanting to go out and do meth all night .
21,null,null,She is CONSTANTLY lying to me about everything .
22,null,null,She is so very unreliable , in the last 2 weeks twice
23,null,null,now she is made plans with me for the next day , only to show up on facebook at like 8 pm after I have been sitting and waiting for her all day
24,null,null,and then she gets angry with me for telling her it makes me feel like shit .
25,null,null,Everything is always about her , she is even more depressed than me and
26,null,null,has none of the coping skills I do
27,null,null,so most of the time it is just her bringing up all her problems and me trying to reassure her .
28,null,null,If I try to talk about my issues though she pays no attention and changes the subject .
29,null,null,I know she is not really a " friend "
30,null,null,more of a " company prostitute " if anything
31,null,null,, it seems like I am always having to buy the booze or lend her money she never pays back .
32,null,null,I know I am being blatantly used , but
33,null,null,the company is still better than being alone with my thoughts all of the time .
34,null,null,She actually " ghosted " me about a year ago for a few months and that put me in a really bad place , I had to check into the psych ward
35,null,null,I was in such a rut over it .
36,null,null,When we finally started hanging out again
37,null,null,she did not seem to care at all the pain it caused me , and
38,null,null,I still have never heard an answer " why " she would block me and dodge my calls or visits out of the blue .
39,null,null,I feel like she is getting worse and no matter how hard I try
40,null,null,I can not help her or .
41,null,null,make her seem to care
42,null,null,I do not think I can handle the pain of losing my " friend " again .
43,null,null,I also have OCD
44,null,null,and I obsess on things to ridiculous lengths and
45,null,null,this is going to suck me into a dark hole for a long time .
46,null,null,I suppose I actually came here hoping people would tell me not to ditch her , but
47,null,null,I know I can not keep letting her treat me like this .
48,null,null,How do I do it on good terms ?
49,null,null,How do I get over it and ?
50,null,null,not let the grief consume me
51,null,null,Please help .
1328 17
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Ideas for sleep ?
2,null,null,Hey guys , I am not sure if I am depressed , I have never been officially diagnosed .
3,null,null,However , I feel a sense of deep sadness and , but
4,null,null,fear almost constantly
5,null,null,I hide it super well .
6,null,null,The fear aspect seems to get worse at night , i m not afraid of one specific thing it just turns into an overall consuming dread .
7,null,null,I want to cry like 80 % of nights
8,null,null,but I simply can not .
9,null,null,I also want to sleep more than anything in the world , it is my favourite thing .
10,null,null,However , I can not sleep , no matter how hard I try I normally lie awake for hours and when I do sleep
11,null,null,I just wake up like 5 - 7 times a night .
12,null,null,I only want to use sleeping pills as a very very last resort .
13,null,null,I try to not use electronics before bed , or to watch something happy , but
14,null,null,that feeling of being small and smothered and scared and full of dread is still there .
15,null,null,Any ideas on how to make it better ?
16,null,null,TLR Sleep is elusive , i want to sleep more than anything .
17,null,null,Please help .
1329 20
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I do not think who try to kill themselves actually want to die From my experience and one of a close friend who almost died in a car accident , I think people do not really want to die .
2,null,null,We just want the pain to go away .
3,null,null,All the shit we take and
4,null,null,all the heavy baggage
5,null,null,we have to carry
6,null,null,, just makes us tired and lose hope
7,null,null,When we ponder on death , we see an easy way out , so as to get rid of the unbearable agony we suffer .
8,null,null,Moreover , I watched a video of suicide survivors .
9,null,null,About those 7 % who survived suicide , claimed that in their final moments , when they were throwing themselves from a high place , they said they would regret everything and wanted to live .
10,null,null,Now imagine all those who died and regretted in the last moments .
11,null,null,Personally , I have been close to do it , but
12,null,null,my online friends gave me so much support and so much love that I noticed that it is not worth it .
13,null,null,I still have things I want to do .
14,null,null,Sure getting out of bed is still a huge task .
15,null,null,Today it took me 2 hours just to do it , but
16,null,null,I did it .
17,null,null,I am not sure if I should have posted this in suicide or here as it has to do with both .
18,null,null,Depression sucks , that is a fact we all know , but suicide is not the way to go .
19,null,null,There is always another way ,
20,null,null,at least that is what I like to think
1330 10
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Life can not be enjoyed and is all about stress and anxiety , why should I give a fuck ?
2,null,null,I have no friends irl and
3,null,null,can not make any because i can not be social for shit , nor do i want to make any effort improving that .
4,null,null,Family time is just plain meh
5,null,null,and i do not really feel loved , even though i am .
6,null,null,I find no enjoyment in anything .
7,null,null,I am at the end of high school and
8,null,null,soon have to decide on what school i want next
9,null,null,but i do not want to work in the future , as i would just always feel like shit , be under pressure or whatever Life is just shit , and
10,null,null,I do not see why i should continue
1331 28
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,My doctor diagnosed me with depression ( mild form )
2,null,null,possibly situational .
3,null,null,I have been off work for the past month as a result of a culmination of stressful events over the past year or so .
4,null,null,Such as my husband is alcoholism , having a child
5,null,null,( she is 18 months now ) and .
6,null,null,returning to work
7,null,null,My doctor put me on Effexor 37.5 mg which has since increased to 75 mg .
8,null,null,As a result I have had insomnia for past three weeks , I will try to take it before bedtime now as I was taking it in the morning , but
9,null,null,I can sleep during the day but not at night ? ?
10,null,null,My Supervisor did not want me returning to work while experiencing side effects ..
11,null,null,the insomnia , .
12,null,null,nausea , dizziness , etc
13,null,null,I applied for short term disability and ! !
14,null,null,received a letter today stating I am not eligible for benefits based on diagnosis of depression and being put on medication
15,null,null,Talk about depressing ! !
16,null,null,oh , wait , I already was
17,null,null,I have very low motivation
18,null,null,, I do not feel like socializing or talking to anyone and .
19,null,null,some days I do not even want to go out of the house
20,null,null,I have to get up everyday though as I have to care for my daughter while husband works , even when I was working
21,null,null,it was still me caring for our daughter and doing everything else around the house ..
22,null,null,yes , I am resentful too .
23,null,null,I have no thoughts of self harm or suicide , just very negative and unhappy all the time .
24,null,null,I have found that the Effexor has made me more relaxed , less anxious and less irritable .
25,null,null,But the insomnia is horrible , I was having interrupted sleep before being put on medication and really wanted something that would help me sleep .. rrhmm .
26,null,null,Is anyone else on Effexor and .
27,null,null,find it beneficial for them
28,null,null,Just wanted to introduce myself and hear from others .
1332 8
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I feel so down and .
2,null,null,disappointed sometimes I am 29 female and on verge of breaking down completely
3,null,null,I am facing a lot of rejections in life only because I do not look so beautiful in front of others
4,null,null,eyes .
5,null,null,I just do not believe that saying " Beauty is in the eyes of the beholder " .
6,null,null,There is nothing like that .
7,null,null,People just look at me like I am from some alien space .
8,null,null,It just breaks my heart
1333 47
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I do not care about anything .
2,null,null,I have been really trying to figure how to stop feeling this way
3,null,null,and I have seen a pattern which is just do something .
4,null,null,Be create .
5,null,null,Do something you like .
6,null,null,Shit like that .
7,null,null,I do not think people understand that I do not care about anything .
8,null,null,I do not care .
9,null,null,I do not like anything .
10,null,null,I tolerate it .
11,null,null,I do not like my favorite shows .
12,null,null,I do not my old hobbies .
13,null,null,I do not like the people I used to like .
14,null,null,I do not like anything .
15,null,null,I do not care about anything .
16,null,null,I feel empty .
17,null,null,Like all the things that made me who I am is gone .
18,null,null,I do not care .
19,null,null,How is " doing I like "
20,null,null,helpful when I do not like anything ?
21,null,null,When I do not about anything I am doing ?
22,null,null,That is the reason I stopped doing first place .
23,null,null,How is doing those things again going help me ?
24,null,null,This is like the biggest suggestion I have seen
25,null,null,and I think pretty unhelpful .
26,null,null,I can not just make myself care .
27,null,null,I have tried .
28,null,null,I wish I could care about those things again
29,null,null,but I can not so suggesting to do those things , as if I wanted to stop , is like a punch to the face .
30,null,null,"
31,null,null,Oh your depressed ?
32,null,null,Just do what you like . "
33,null,null,No .
34,null,null,I do not want to .
35,null,null,I do not want things I loved and .
36,null,null,feel nothing
37,null,null,It hurts to want to enjoy life and can not .
38,null,null,To want to care
39,null,null,and you just can not .
40,null,null,I have tried medication and therapy .
41,null,null,I have tried giving so many fucks
42,null,null,and I can not .
43,null,null,I can not even fake it anymore .
44,null,null,I wish I could .
45,null,null,How do I care again ?
46,null,null,Do I just wait ?
47,null,null,I do not think much longer .
1334 13
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,No matter how much progress I make , I always fall right back down to rock bottom .
2,null,null,All my friends have forgotten about me , and
3,null,null,no one supports my art ( writing and music ) .
4,null,null,I can not find bandmates and
5,null,null,all I can see myself doing in the future is music , but my talent is mediocre at best .
6,null,null,I do not know what else to do with my future
7,null,null,and I only see dark days ahead .
8,null,null,I fell in love with an exchange student , who is now my boyfriend , but
9,null,null,now he is back in his home country
10,null,null,and I do not have the money to visit him .. and
11,null,null,he has strict parents who will only pay for him to visit me once a year .
12,null,null,I am sick of baggage from my childhood and teen years weighing me down and
13,null,null,all this is just adding to it .
1335 19
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Thinking of quiting my job I work as a waitress and
2,null,null,it is killing me inside .
3,null,null,I have anxiety along with depression and .
4,null,null,having to answer phones , greet customers , small talk etc
5,null,null,is just exhausting for me
6,null,null,I also do not get along with some people there .
7,null,null,My boss and mainly .
8,null,null,the chef
9,null,null,I get really anxious the entire day beforehand ( work evenings ) and
10,null,null,it just puts me in a bad spot .
11,null,null,Another reason for wanting to quit is I am currently a student
12,null,null,and I am in the last leg of my final year dissertation
13,null,null,, I just do not want the stress of having to go deal with my boss and having to take orders etc when I have this important deadline coming up .
14,null,null,The only problem is it is my only income .
15,null,null,I do not want my boyfriend getting mad at me because he has to support me with his shitty job for a couple of months untill
16,null,null,my project is over and
17,null,null,I can find a better job .
18,null,null,I feel completely stuck right now
19,null,null,and I do not know what the best thing is to do ..
1336 13
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I need help finding help .
2,null,null,This is literally a cry out for help .
3,null,null,I have no job , and
4,null,null,I sleep on my sister
5,null,null,is couch
6,null,null,and I need help .
7,null,null,I know I need therapy but have no way to afford it .
8,null,null,I do not know where to look for it .
9,null,null,I have no energy to pursue it .
10,null,null,What do I Do ?
11,null,null,Where do I go ?
12,null,null,For information I live in Memphis , Tennessee .
13,null,null,Any help at all would be great .
1337 52
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I feel trapped in a life I do not want to live .
2,null,null,It took a lot of time for me to consider posting here
3,null,null,but I am gon na be alone for the whole day and .
4,null,null,can not deal with it
5,null,null,So , hi , I am just your typical British kid dealing with the stresses of College but
6,null,null,the problem is that I am not stressed because of college ( I do not really care much for it
7,null,null,but it is better then work ) , I am stressed because of this constant cycle of : wake up , .
8,null,null,spend an hour trying to get up , be 20 minutes late to everything every day , eat , browse the Internet and sleep
9,null,null,All around me there is people who have clear career paths and know what they are passionate about , but
10,null,null,I look at myself and realise that I do not have that .
11,null,null,I have no interest in working in a job for the next 45 years of my life because there is nothing that I would like doing .
12,null,null,I am doing fine in all of my classes ( As in History and Cs in Maths , Distinctions in BTEC Engineering
13,null,null,, everything just feels too simple )
14,null,null,but I just still get these weeks where I feel worthless and pointless .
15,null,null,I get brain fog
16,null,null,, I end up teary eyed and
17,null,null,can not talk to anybody for fear of looking stupid
18,null,null,( I have speech problems ) .
19,null,null,But then when I end up actually talking to others I apparently look happy .
20,null,null,I have spoken to people at my school about it , but
21,null,null,it is the same thing every time . '
22,null,null,Oh you are struggling ?
23,null,null,We will have a five minute conversation about your feelings and ' .
24,null,null,wait months to make sure you are not still sad
25,null,null,I was diagnosed with depression and anxiety
26,null,null,but I stopped taking medication in July 2017 and .
27,null,null,have not seen a doctor or therapist since
28,null,null,They did not help , the medication I was on turned me into a god damn zombie and
29,null,null,my therapist got exceptionally pissy at me for not telling the truth about my lack of improvement .
30,null,null,I felt like I had to lie
31,null,null,so I did not waste their time and mine
32,null,null,, I worry that is why I end up wearing a mask 90 % of the time .
33,null,null,Even around my family , who believe more in self - help then actually getting an actually decent therapist to try and help me .
34,null,null,I am ashamed to talk to them about it , no matter what anyone says , .
35,null,null,trust me when I say that they will NOT understand
36,null,null,I have been incredibly clear about it all and
37,null,null,got mocked for it
38,null,null,, some people just do not want to learn .
39,null,null,I had a pretty bad childhood that I try to justify my problems with ( dealt with a lot of sexual abuse and my mother died in 2013 )
40,null,null,but when I am having these wouldays ' I am not thinking about anything in particular that would make me flighty .
41,null,null,I ended up admitting a lot of my past to one teacher last week who I admire greatly and whom pretty much just saved my life
42,null,null,and I am still cringing today .
43,null,null,I know I have no reason to cringe either , I just get so nervous of social interaction .
44,null,null,I just do not get why the universe picked me to be its miserable little experiment .
45,null,null,I never asked for anything bad to happen , I never asked to constantly feel tired and under the weather , I know that life is not gon na be perfect
46,null,null,but why is it that day after dull ass day I have to feel worse and worse ?
47,null,null,I try to take responsibility for my health
48,null,null,, I feel like dirt , I have other people have some part in it
49,null,null,and they take it for granted and
50,null,null,hardly any of them actually make a big effort on me .
51,null,null,Sorry
52,null,null,if my words are jumbled and rambled , I just needed a place to vent whilst I still can .
1338 28
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,That eternal slumber I am tired .
2,null,null,I am not here to be saved .
3,null,null,I am nearly 40 : have a career , a SO , friends & amp ; family who care for me but it will never be enough to keep me around .
4,null,null,I have been depressed since age 8
5,null,null,, my first suicide attempt was at 11 and I am convinced my life will end by my own hand eventually .
6,null,null,I have lurked here but .
7,null,null,never posted
8,null,null,I had to reach out somehow and was not going to call or text the goddamn crisis line .
9,null,null,The world sees me as happy and outgoing even when I am honest about my depression b
10,null,null,/ c
11,null,null,I do not SHOW it to anyone .
12,null,null,I am lonely .
13,null,null,I am tired .
14,null,null,I am not sure how much I have left to give .
15,null,null,I try .
16,null,null,I do .
17,null,null,I wake up & amp ; try to be positive ,
18,null,null,make the most of each day
19,null,null,but I am just going through the motions .
20,null,null,That siren is song has been stronger these past few weeks .
21,null,null,Tonite ended with me locked in the bathroom , sitting on the floor in a fat , disgusting , pathetic crying heap - razor blade in hand .
22,null,null,One of my cats scratching at the door & amp
23,null,null,; me trying to hush her so as not to wake my SO .
24,null,null,Through the tears I pathetically sliced away at my inner leg a few times .
25,null,null,Been a decade since I have cut .
26,null,null,No relief .
27,null,null,There is no point to any of this , no ultimate conclusion .
28,null,null,I am not looking for advice or friendship , I just needed someone out there to know how desperately I long for that final sleep .
1339 15
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Got the news I was 100 % cancer free ( again ) last week , but
2,null,null,I feel more emptier and lonelier than ever before .
3,null,null,I am not sure what is wrong with me ,
4,null,null,I know I have a great support system
5,null,null,and I should be happy that I am far away from the crutches of painful chemo and surgeries , but
6,null,null,I just can not fill the void inside .
7,null,null,I feel incredibly lonely and miserable .
8,null,null,, I barely can rack about 3 hours of sleep a night and at school I feel like an idiot because I can barely focus on anything
9,null,null,Anyways , maybe beating cancer is nt really something to be " proud " of .
10,null,null,I am no fucking warrior .
11,null,null,I am terrified about the whole thing .
12,null,null,The people I care about think I am brave but
13,null,null,in all honesty I brush it off because I would rather take it again and again just so they would not .
14,null,null,I am.just trying my best to take it day by day , but
15,null,null,it is getting harder and harder to deal with everything .
1340 15
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I feel like holding in my anger .. or
2,null,null,at least trying to be NICE
3,null,null,all the time contributes to me feeling depressed .
4,null,null,Maybe it is a good thing you are experiencing anger , maybe you deserve to express those " negative " emotions , of course without hurting anyone ..
5,null,null,I wonder how much my not feeling worthy or feeling powerless contributes to not speaking up & holding in angry feelings and in a vicious cycle my depression will feed off feeling powerless or undeserving and create even more feelings of worthlessness ..
6,null,null,VICIOUS CYCLE ! !
7,null,null,Because , feel like I do not have very good boundaries & am not nearly assertive enough when I need to tell people what I NEED & what I WANT ..
8,null,null,then my resentment & anger build up ..
9,null,null,I have definite triggers that make me so angry ( especially my husband )
10,null,null,I wish I could beat the s
11,null,null,*
12,null,null,* out of him ..
13,null,null,under it I am just so F**ing HURT ! !
14,null,null,And if I can get in touch with the hurt I can express it some how .. cry , write , something ..
15,null,null,And of course he can hear me better when I am sharing my " being hurti vs. Screaming & throwing things ..
1341 35
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I walked out of a job yesterday .
2,null,null,I took my wouldream job ' in early January , only to discover that it is not my dream job at all .
3,null,null,I thought I would like working in a medical office , but
4,null,null,this particular medical office has two doctors , one part - time staff member , and a cluster of other problems .
5,null,null,I quit on Friday ; the owner asked me to come in yesterday and meet , and
6,null,null,I did , but I did not stay long , because she did not show up and the other doctors on staff acted like my resignation never even happened .
7,null,null,I have compiled a list of why I quit .
8,null,null,Here is a short sample : - I hate the hours ( 7A-7P 3 days a week , 7A-2P 2 days a week ; an hour lunch break was promised in the new hire handbook but
9,null,null,is frowned upon by staff as a lack of commitment / dedication )
10,null,null,- There are religious currents , including periodic ' prayer meetings ' throughout the day .
11,null,null,I was treated dismissively when I objected and stated I am not religious .
12,null,null,The owner is okay with the prayers , and .
13,null,null,says it brings staff closer together
14,null,null,- I was offered a management position , but
15,null,null,after being hired , was told " I know nothing , and might manage eventually , but right now was incapable of doing so . "
16,null,null,- I was trained for three or so days before being expected to run insurance billing , .
17,null,null,keep rooms clean and do therapies , and run the front desk
18,null,null,- Staff is expected to remain available on evenings and weekends for PR events .
19,null,null,I know that quitting was the best decision - " sticking it out " would have been detrimental to my mental health , and I would have had no time to interview for other opportunities .
20,null,null,Still , at the same time , I can not help but .
21,null,null,feel like a burden to my husband
22,null,null,After leaving yesterday , I hiked 4 miles to the top of an area mountain ( really just a big hill , it is a foothills mountain ) and .
23,null,null,had a conversation with myself as to whether or not I intended to jump
24,null,null,I intentionally did not take my gun with me because I never know .
25,null,null,I am afraid of being a disappointment , and
26,null,null,I am afraid of never being a ' conventional , ' ' functional ' human .
27,null,null,I am second guessing my decision to leave .
28,null,null,I already have other opportunities presenting themselves to me and
29,null,null,I am lucky enough to have some money put away ..
30,null,null,but I do not want to be a failure .
31,null,null,I can feel depression symptoms creeping up on me again , and
32,null,null,I am trying to fend them off .
33,null,null,I forced myself into a per - diem position today , just to keep in a routine .
34,null,null,I am trying to re - frame this as an opportunity , but
35,null,null,right now , it feels like a literal nightmare .
1342 20
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I have had no energy to do anything the last couple of days
2,null,null,and I am really struggling to get out of this funk
3,null,null,I have had problems with depression for years
4,null,null,so none of this is new to me , but
5,null,null,I am having a really rough couple of days and think I would like to just talk with someone .
6,null,null,Today is the second day I am missing classes .
7,null,null,My first one starts in an hour
8,null,null,and I live too far away to get there in time at this point .
9,null,null,I could not get out of bed , and .
10,null,null,had the same problem yesterday
11,null,null,I just get this feeling of dread when I think about getting ready and actually leaving , and
12,null,null,all I feel like I can do is lie in bed thinking about different ways I could kill myself
13,null,null,( I am not going to , it is just something I seem to always end up thinking about in bed
14,null,null,, I know it is toxic
15,null,null,but it is comforting ) .
16,null,null,I really can not miss any more classes after today , this semester is really important for my grades .
17,null,null,I feel like such a piece of shit for missing them two days in a row , this is the exact sort of thing that fucked up my grades last term .
18,null,null,Idk it would be nice to talk to someone , about anything even .
19,null,null,I only have one friend who knows I have problems with depression
20,null,null,but I do not want her to deal with my emotional baggage .
1343 9
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Well I bought the TENS machine .
2,null,null,got it set up earlier and .
3,null,null,decided I was in SO much pain across my shoulders that I would set it at the neck shoulder setting and on the MOST intense setting due to the pain and the desperation I was feeling
4,null,null,Well that was a mistake
5,null,null,it is like being stabbed with a pointy stick - so I reset it to the minimum setting .
6,null,null,it has helped a little perhaps I should use it more often to a ) get used to the feeling b ) get rid of the pain as I am in LESS pain now
7,null,null,but it has not gone altogether
8,null,null,would I recommend one let is just say I need a few more days to decide
9,null,null,but for now I am in slightly less pain than I was
1344 20
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Does Trading Help Your Depression ?
2,null,null,Maybe I am a bit weird in this regard , but
3,null,null,I do quiet well in this regard .
4,null,null,I have not traded too much because of life circumstances , and
5,null,null,thus the past few years have been depressed , as my one best friend is in jail and the other has adopted asceticism .
6,null,null,I also moved to a new area and .
7,null,null,broke up with my ex
8,null,null,I have been thinking stuff over , and
9,null,null,even though winning at coding can make me slightly happy
10,null,null,, I feel like whenever I am trading
11,null,null,I am on fire and , whereas otherwise I feel blah .
12,null,null,feel like my " true " self
13,null,null,When I mean trading
14,null,null,I mean medium term investing based on value investing .
15,null,null,IDK if the risk and reward part overruns me , but
16,null,null,when I think about that I do not think about my lack of dating or how this or that sucks , I focus on kicking ass and taking names .
17,null,null,Anyone else ever get a feeling like that ?
18,null,null,IDK
19,null,null,if this is taking on risky behavior for the sake of it or .
20,null,null,merely finding my muse
1345 15
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I Empathize More With the Dead Than I Feel Bad for the Living
2,null,null,There have been a few times in the past few years where I found out someone I went to high school with died of whatever means .
3,null,null,But within the past few months , whenever I found out someone died , I did not really feel bad for their family , I mostly was kind of jealous that they were gone
4,null,null,and I was still here .
5,null,null,For example , my mom manages a nursing floor at a hospital .
6,null,null,She told me one of her nurse
7,null,null,is daughters died of a deadly disease at 20 .
8,null,null,And all I could think about was at 21 all I could think
9,null,null,was how jealous I was of the deceased young woman , and how lucky she was .
10,null,null,No ill will to her
11,null,null,, I hope she rests in peace and that her family is coping .
12,null,null,Another example .
13,null,null,When I was in high school , someone I knew had an older brother than went out drinking one night and when he came home , he died , choking on his own vomit .
14,null,null,Again , I feel like there should be a lot of cautionary tales in this , but
15,null,null,mostly I just wish I was the one that was dead .
1346 15
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,4 years Tuesday Tuesday will be the four year anniversary of when my dad committed suicide .
2,null,null,My 21st birthday was this weekend
3,null,null,and I got pretty drunk and
4,null,null,started to think about it
5,null,null,and I just cried and .
6,null,null,cried in the Uber with my friends
7,null,null,I am really thankful for them .
8,null,null,But there is not a day that goes by that I do not think about him .
9,null,null,The thing is , he was an asshole .
10,null,null,To me and my mom .
11,null,null,I did not know he was depressed , I just thought he was mean and .
12,null,null,did not love me
13,null,null,I really do think I could have prevented it if I would known .
14,null,null,I have been extremely depressed ever since it happened .
15,null,null,I do not think I will ever be normal again .
1347 7
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,No end in sight How does a person continue on when it is one shitshow after another .
2,null,null,I am supposed to be strong for my wife and kids , but .
3,null,null,at what cost
4,null,null,I am slowly returning to self medication with drugs and alcohol .
5,null,null,How do I help my daughter deal with her problems when I can not cope with my own .
6,null,null,I am supposed to be the rock , but
7,null,null,Jesus Christ , I just want to disapear .
1348 21
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I feel like I am in a rut .
2,null,null,I do not like it here .
3,null,null,First post here ,
4,null,null,so here we go Like
5,null,null,the title says , I feel like I am in a rut .
6,null,null,I am tired 100 % of the time , regardless of the sleep I have had ( quality , length , etc ) .
7,null,null,Feel simultaneously under - utilized and under - qualified for my job at the moment .
8,null,null,I do not feel like I am doing anything worth -
9,null,null,while , but I also do not even feel qualified to do even this job .
10,null,null,When I get home , all I want to do is either sleep or sit in front of my computer .
11,null,null,When I am on my computer , I never do anything productive , just get into YouTube holes that last forever .
12,null,null,I try to be creative ; maybe try game design , or ; but
13,null,null,start writing
14,null,null,it all just falls flat and I feel worse , not good enough .
15,null,null,I have no real friends ( not including work acquaintances , who all have their own lives to live )
16,null,null,in my area , all of them are online , and again , they all have their own lives too .
17,null,null,I feel unimportant , I feel un - unique ( is this even a word ?
18,null,null,words are hard ) , I feel exhausted .
19,null,null,I do not know what to do .
20,null,null,Even now I feel stupid for writing this on the freaking Depression subreddit .
21,null,null,I just feel alone .
1349 11
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Does anyone else feel insanely angry when they see injustice against others ?
2,null,null,Like I feel like I seethe with rage when I see others being mistreated Every time I watch the news about the political storm in America or anything I see in my twitter about police brutality or slavery in Libya , etc .
3,null,null,I seethe with rage .
4,null,null,I can not stand seeing so many people being tortured financially , mentally , physically .
5,null,null,I hate it .
6,null,null,I feel powerless and
7,null,null,I feel angry .
8,null,null,I feel like my depression grows with other people .
9,null,null,is pain
10,null,null,The more I see injustice , the more powerless and worthless
11,null,null,I feel in the world .
1350 9
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Have you ever been told you are cold but
2,null,null,in reality you are the opposite ?
3,null,null,I have been told I am cold and emotionless
4,null,null,but that is just what they see .
5,null,null,I cry frecuently at home and .
6,null,null,feel that if someone would see me crying , I would feel completely voulnerable
7,null,null,Same happens with expressing how I feel .
8,null,null,If anyone knew how I really feel , I would think they would use it against me or take advantage .
9,null,null,Maybe they would think less of me , as someone weak and fragile .
1351 12
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Describe your depression Here is how I would describe mine : I live an exceptionally fortunate life .
2,null,null,I am a college student interning for a commercial real estate development company .
3,null,null,I had two internships last summer , one in venture capitalism and one teaching middle schoolers how to code .
4,null,null,I have a potential internship lined up for a Fortune 500 company in Miami next summer and potentially an private equity internship lined up .
5,null,null,I have all the networks and connections in the world to be successful .
6,null,null,But I feel so unhappy and miserable with my life .
7,null,null,My thoughts are so irrational and negative that I can not see how fortunate I am to have all that I have .
8,null,null,I make great money with my summer internship , more money then most adults make , but , because I still have suicdial thoughts almost everyday .
9,null,null,none of that matters
10,null,null,I feel hopeless all day , everyday .
11,null,null,I feel unloved and unwanted .
12,null,null,Even though I have more than enough to be grateful for , I still feel inferior and lower than the lowest of the low .
1352 78
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I feel really bad for not coming to the forum much last week .
2,null,null,i have been in turmoil .
3,null,null,Things at home are not going well at all .
4,null,null,My husband got his new house and
5,null,null,is moving in the next few weeks ..
6,null,null,incidentally that is not the problem .
7,null,null,I am happy that he is leaving .
8,null,null,He has been a real jerk lately .
9,null,null,He says mean things to me and
10,null,null,he is angry all of the time .
11,null,null,He has been working on the road for the past month
12,null,null,so we only have to tolerate each other on the weekends - thank goodness .
13,null,null,When he comes home the first thing that he does is go up to the computer room and
14,null,null,say hi to his buddies ..
15,null,null,not to me and not to our son ( in fact he only spend a total of one hour with our son on the weekends ) .
16,null,null,When he finally graces us with his presence he just complains .
17,null,null,I did SO much work around the house last week
18,null,null,- I cut the grass , weeded the garden , watered the lawn everyday , vacuumed the house from top to bottom , washed the floors on the main floor of the house , did all of the laundry , .. and
19,null,null,patched some dents in the walls and painted them , cleaned out our son
20,null,null,is room
21,null,null,still he managed to find things that were ' wrong ' .
22,null,null,He even had the audacity to tell me that I am a pig and nothing gets done around here .
23,null,null,I just can not take it anymore .
24,null,null,All he does is get angry and complain .
25,null,null,I finally realized this weekend that I am not his problem .
26,null,null,He is just using me as an excuse .
27,null,null,I have tried to talk to him and
28,null,null,all he wants to do is play the blame game .
29,null,null,We have agreed to not see each other for the month of august so that each of us can decide what it is that we want to do regarding our relationship .
30,null,null,Even that ticked him off .
31,null,null,When I asked him if he would like me to send our son with his parents when they come to visit him
32,null,null,he got mad that I was not going to come see him .
33,null,null,The ' no seeing each other in August ' was entirely his idea .
34,null,null,I have no clue what is going on in his head .
35,null,null,I have tried and and
36,null,null,tried to talk to him
37,null,null,the only reply I get is defensive or aggressive .
38,null,null,I am at my wits ' end and .
39,null,null,am about to give up
40,null,null,I care very much for him
41,null,null,and I know that there is something wrong
42,null,null,but I can not help him .
43,null,null,I am so afraid of giving up on us though because I am riddled with the ' what ifs ' .
44,null,null,I want a family so bad .
45,null,null,am I settling though ?
46,null,null,I hate saying that because my husband is not a terrible man .
47,null,null,He has his finer qualities it is just that lately they are few and far between .
48,null,null,He has even told me that he would cheat on me if given the chance .
49,null,null,And that he might have while drunk one night and .
50,null,null,that the girl has told other people that the baby she is carrying might be his
51,null,null,You know the more that I write the more
52,null,null,I feel like an idiot .
53,null,null,What a fucking doormat .
54,null,null,What the hell am I doing ?
55,null,null,i am putting my happiness and wellbeing on the back burner for someone who has told me repeatedly that he no longer loves me and thinks that he has had an affair ( or at the least would like to ) .
56,null,null,How pathetic can you get .
57,null,null,What a glutton for punishment I am .
58,null,null,Why is it that I feel that he is more important than me ?
59,null,null,You know I thought that I was doing better on the medication
60,null,null,- I might not be having the emotional outbursts
61,null,null,but I still have the low - or
62,null,null,should I say non - existent self esteem .
63,null,null,If only all of this could be over .
64,null,null,If only he could either WAKE up and .
65,null,null,figure out he wants what to do or just fuck off and never see me or our son again
66,null,null,That would make my life so much easier .
67,null,null,I fear for my son .
68,null,null,I do not want my husband is anger to hurt our son .
69,null,null,I do not want husband to take out his frustrations on a two year old .
70,null,null,I worry about sending our son to visit him .
71,null,null,Without me there or the dogs , xx is the only one there to take the abuse .
72,null,null,Anyway that is what I have been dealing with the past week .
73,null,null,As a result of all of this I have been on a self destruct mode .
74,null,null,I have not been sleeping , i have been late for work
75,null,null,and I have been unprepared many times .
76,null,null,I am glad that the last day is this Thursday .
77,null,null,i will have a month to wouldetox ' .
78,null,null,I need it .
1353 64
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I have been so depressed over a lost friendship .
2,null,null,I have known this girl for about 5 years .
3,null,null,We were very close
4,null,null,or so I thought .
5,null,null,We both had boys around the same age , went on vacations together with our families , and
6,null,null,both went through our 2nd pregnancy together .
7,null,null,I knew she was a person that had to have things her way
8,null,null,but I accepted this .
9,null,null,She has a large circle of friends that she included me in .
10,null,null,I felt her family was mine , in a way .
11,null,null,I am very shy and .
12,null,null,came out of my shell
13,null,null,Last year I got caught up with 2 other friends that were having problems .
14,null,null,They really needed me .
15,null,null,So I was not around much
16,null,null,but I am always available if she needed me .
17,null,null,Anyway , we got into a misunderstanding over something very minor .
18,null,null,I really did not think much about it the next day .
19,null,null,That is the way I am .
20,null,null,I get mad
21,null,null,then I am over it within 24 hours .
22,null,null,She is not like that .
23,null,null,She holds grudges .
24,null,null,I saw her the next day ( 4th of July ) at her house .
25,null,null,I knew she did not really talk to me
26,null,null,but she did have a lot of people there .
27,null,null,Well , a couple of weeks after I call her saying " Hey girl , can I pick land on up ? " .
28,null,null,She said " How can you call and act like nothing is wrong ? "
29,null,null,Then she hangs up on me .
30,null,null,I wait until the next day and .
31,null,null,called again
32,null,null,First thing she says is " What do you want ?
33,null,null," I say " Just to be your friend . "
34,null,null,She says " We are no longer friends .
35,null,null,There will be no more double dating with our husbands , vacations , you are to not come to my house
36,null,null,, We are not friends " .
37,null,null,I was blown away .
38,null,null,I asked what I did
39,null,null,and she could not give me a direct answer .
40,null,null,She said we had different friends
41,null,null,and I had more drama than any of her friends of 20 years .
42,null,null,I asked her what drama ?
43,null,null,Last year I had some problems with my husband
44,null,null,but I did not really talk to her about that .
45,null,null,She said that was a problem , I did not tell her things and that is what friends do .
46,null,null,WHAT ?
47,null,null,She was contradicting herself .
48,null,null,She hung up on me again .
49,null,null,It is very difficult for me because when I make a friend and let them into my heart they are my friend for life .
50,null,null,Her son is my son is best friend and her husband .
51,null,null,is my husbands best friend
52,null,null,I had recently told my husband to not mention their names around me because I become really depressed .
53,null,null,My poor son does not understand why she does not like me anymore .
54,null,null,How can I explain when I do not know .
55,null,null,I bought her daughter a shirt about a month ago
56,null,null,and she did not acknowledge it until she saw me in Walmart a week later
57,null,null,and we were face to face
58,null,null,and she thanked me .
59,null,null,It was very weird .
60,null,null,I have not seen her since July .
61,null,null,I can not let my son have his friend over anymore because it hurts too much to see him and know that I am not welcomed in their home and they have not asked my son over their house since all of this even though he still came over ours .
62,null,null,I can not figure out what I did
63,null,null,that was so bad .
64,null,null,I wish I knew so that maybe I could at least defend myself and have some closure .
1354 8
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Recovering from an abusive ex
2,null,null,So I have stopped seeing a guy who was emotionally manipulative and abusive towards me .
3,null,null,Honestly I feel so alone and hopeless .
4,null,null,I feel like everything he said about me was awful
5,null,null,was is true , and
6,null,null,I am just a needy , immature individual who alienates all those who offer help .
7,null,null,I feel so damage beyond repair and .
8,null,null,like I have got no one to help me get through this difficult period
1355 18
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Do you ever secretly hope you get cancer ?
2,null,null,Do you ever go to sleep and
3,null,null,console yourself with pretty thoughts as you close your eyes
4,null,null,Do you ever desperately pray every night to wake up with brain cancer
5,null,null,So you can go Peacefully FFS .
6,null,null,My wrists are patched today but
7,null,null,deep down
8,null,null,I know if I really was brave enough I would have gone completely .
9,null,null,Now I have to face people wearing the fucking bandages and
10,null,null,they will all pretend they did not notice
11,null,null,and it will be fucking awkward
12,null,null,And the worst part is I am still here
13,null,null,If it was cancer they would cry a bit and
14,null,null,buy me a drink and say ' how tragic ' when I finally go My heart breaks for all the precious souls trapped in bodies struck by that horrible desease , while my own body stubbornly keeps existing and breathing and providing home for this rotten mind and filthy soul
15,null,null,and I feel I have ripped off everyone that could use this body and it is so disgustingly unfair
16,null,null,I really , really want to go .
17,null,null,But I am a coward and
18,null,null,I am trapped .
1356 15
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Pretending I do not exist is the only way I can feel better ..
2,null,null,I like to pretend that nothing I do affects anybody .
3,null,null,I wish that I could just do whatever and not worry about how the world around me is impacted by it , but
4,null,null,I know that is not true .
5,null,null,Everybody acts like I do not exist anyway
6,null,null,so might as well embrace it .
7,null,null,-&gt
8,null,null,; Go to school -&gt ; Be a zombie at school while pretending my feelings do not exist -&gt ; Do not cry do not cry do not cry ..
9,null,null,-&gt
10,null,null,; Fail math -&gt ; Go home -&gt ; ; ;
11,null,null,Pretend everything is just peachy -&gt
12,null,null,Apply headphones -&gt
13,null,null,Turn volume up to ear killing levels -&gt ;
14,null,null,Try not to worry about the neighbour kids and how they are probably getting abused -&gt ; Lay down , and now ..
15,null,null,-&gt ; I do not exist .
1357 7
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Insurance for therapy ?
2,null,null,I have decided to look into getting a therapist to deal with issues of depression and anxiety .
3,null,null,I am still on my parents insurance plan which should cover most of the cost .
4,null,null,However , I have heard it can be a bad idea to use insurance to pay for therapy as insurance companies can audit your sessions to see if you still require them to keep paying for it .
5,null,null,I am concerned about privacy and having trouble getting insured in the future with mental health issues on my record , but
6,null,null,paying out of pocket is not a great option either as I am currently a broke college student .
7,null,null,Anyone have a similar situation ?
1358 14
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,episodes once or twice a month
2,null,null,i have these what you may call severe depression episodes where the thoughts of suicide fill every part of my brain .
3,null,null,my heart starts beating extremely fast
4,null,null,and i ca nt keep my eyes off of my meds just lying around on the table .
5,null,null,my mind is full of questions such as , should i do it ?
6,null,null,what would happen if i took all my meds right now ?
7,null,null,is it that easy ?
8,null,null,will everything be over then ?
9,null,null,am i going to just stop existing ?
10,null,null,then i start bawling my eyes out and cry myself to sleep .
11,null,null,i know i m probably not going kill myself , at least any time soon .
12,null,null,i m too scared of it .
13,null,null,its just that i feel like i m in a neverending cycle
14,null,null,and i m really tired of it .
1359 7
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Tomorrow is my 35th birthday .
2,null,null,So tomorrow is my 35th birthday .
3,null,null,I really thought I would have a family , have a husband or wife and just be happy having this awesome life .
4,null,null,Nope .
5,null,null,At 35 , I am miserably in debt , unhappy , no family and I .
6,null,null,am very far from all of my friends
7,null,null,So , yay I guess .
1360 5
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,First instinct when I wake up is to immediately try to go back to sleep to avoid the crushing anxiety and depression Anyone else immediately try to go back to sleep as they are conscious ?
2,null,null,I am like "
3,null,null,no , Not this fucking shit agin " sleep is the only relief I get
4,null,null,but that is obviously not sustainable .
5,null,null,I really do not know what to do anymore , do not even know how I am alive at this point .
1361 32
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,My purpose for posting this is that I am at a dead end and do not know where else to turn .
2,null,null,I am 39 and
3,null,null,I am sure have been suffering from depression most my whole life .
4,null,null,My life has been one failure after another , in relationships , jobs , and anything else .
5,null,null,I had been on antidepressants for about 10 years and .
6,null,null,then stopped after I got arrested for a DUI and felony hit and run
7,null,null,The man who was injured received a cut on his face after chasing after me when I split the scene
8,null,null,, that was the whole extent of his injuries .
9,null,null,After the arrest I was feeling so bad it made no difference whether I took them or not .
10,null,null,The charges were dropped but
11,null,null,I had to wait day after day for a year or more just waiting for them to recharge me , which my attorney was sure they were going to do .
12,null,null,That was 2 years ago and
13,null,null,I think the experience did some very serious and real damage to me .
14,null,null,I just lost my job in my probationary period of 2 months .
15,null,null,I have worked so hard to create some kind of financial security for myself
16,null,null,( BA in Psychology , technical degree in computers , numerous computer certifications )
17,null,null,but where ever I go I do not fit in to the group and .
18,null,null,find myself alienated and let go
19,null,null,Some many failed romantic relationships , never having friends , and what family members I have are abusive and .
20,null,null,are incapable of providing healthy support
21,null,null,Most nights I calm myself enough to fall asleep by fantasizing about killing myself and the relief that was provide .
22,null,null,I feel like a freak physically .
23,null,null,I shortened my fingers on my right hand by 1/2 inch and .
24,null,null,my hand is deformed because I hit the wall in my apartment one night about 4 years ago after I was let go from a job and my girlfriend broke up with me at the same time
25,null,null,Of course what I have stated so far is not close to all that is weighing on me .
26,null,null,Now I am just so tired and hopeless
27,null,null,I do not know how to get the energy to try again .
28,null,null,Any encouragement or
29,null,null,wisdom
30,null,null,the read /
31,null,null,you can provide is very much appreciated .
32,null,null,If you need to something that is hurtful please do not respond to this .
1362 9
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Could use some random , late night friends I have started a prescription and
2,null,null,it is at least two weeks for it to build
3,null,null,but in the past week I have had nothing .
4,null,null,Waiting a week until I can request an increase in dose .
5,null,null,Looking for people who are generally online from 10pm-1am central time .
6,null,null,Hopefully I can move back to /r / anxiety but
7,null,null,the last three weeks
8,null,null,have been more brutal than in a long time and
9,null,null,I would love to be able to talk to people who will not make me feel insane for some of these thoights .
1363 7
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,No hope There is no hope left for me .
2,null,null,The sun does not shine .
3,null,null,There is no light in my life .
4,null,null,There has not been for awhile .
5,null,null,All I do is go through the motions
6,null,null,and I give up even doing that .
7,null,null,Why do not I have the courage to end it ?
1364 16
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Body : Anterior pelvic tilt
2,null,null,So i have APT
3,null,null,and i m really skinny and .
4,null,null,its been fucking ruining my life
5,null,null,For more than 1 year i ve always thought about my body and
6,null,null,i obesses over it .
7,null,null,I ve been going to the gym now for 1 month of personal training and not a single difference at all .
8,null,null,Not a tiny bit fitter not a tiny bit stronger or anything .
9,null,null,I m so fucking depressed .
10,null,null,I see people who do nt go to the gym
11,null,null,and they have muslcey bodys
12,null,null,and i m
13,null,null,like wtf ?
14,null,null,I feel like everyones a fucking bodybuilder .
15,null,null,Its been killing me .
16,null,null,My back is like an S shape .
1365 20
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Is it better to find out your love was a lie , or never to have loved at all ?
2,null,null,Last year , after 16 years of marriage , my wife says she never loved me , has never found me attractive ( who can blame her ) , and .
3,null,null,does not think we have ever been right for each other
4,null,null,She only married me because she felt pressured from family and church to get married , and I was a " good guy " , as she puts it .
5,null,null,This crushed me .
6,null,null,She has been everything to me .
7,null,null,I have always loved her so much .
8,null,null,My whole marriage has always been a fairy tale for me , it was everything I wanted .
9,null,null,This was the girl of my dreams .
10,null,null,I remember thinking when we were dating that it was too good to be true that any girl , especially one as amazing as my wife , would ever like me , since I am shy , boring , and ugly .
11,null,null,I guess I was right , it was too good to be true , and
12,null,null,I should have trusted my gut and known it back then .
13,null,null,After a year of trying to find ways to connect with her , make myself more attractive to her , and hoping she would love me , I have finally accepted that she never will .
14,null,null,We are staying together for the kid , and
15,null,null,is sake , and really for mine , what else would I do , no one else could ever love me
16,null,null,I doubt I could ever really love anyone else the way I loved my wife .
17,null,null,I have accepted that I will never have love .
18,null,null,It makes me wonder , is it better to have thought I had love , and .
19,null,null,enjoyed it , only to find out it was lie , or never to have loved at all
20,null,null,At this point I really do not know .
1366 115
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,My Fictional Home I stared outside , and .
2,null,null,watched the cold atmosphere awake me
3,null,null,The sun is rays blocked by the magnificent beauty above us all ; an urban scape filling my view around me .
4,null,null,I felt a grave sadness strike all in the same spots for my daily routine , crippling what was left of my head .
5,null,null,I grabbed the bicycle , and . '
6,null,null,went along the path to any good in my life
7,null,null,A nearly missed accident up ahead , ' I reminded myself .
8,null,null,I hit the button to change colors , and .
9,null,null,awaited a stop that could mean a sour tardiness or a decent morning
10,null,null,The color changed fast , and
11,null,null,I hastily sped across the lines between me and the other side .
12,null,null,I arrived , striking the pavement at full speed ahead down the rubber sidewalk .
13,null,null,A straight path to follow , a new future to envelop soon enough .
14,null,null,The fact of the matter was that I had to pray to a god I did not believe in if I wanted to warp my happy spirit to glorious utopia .
15,null,null,Logic overrides hearts quite rarely , leaving a snowflake and a shock of noise behind the mind that just wants it all to change .
16,null,null,My bored mind only somewhat consciously bobbed his head around from side to side , keeping an eye on the reflective sign for a change of heart .
17,null,null,The observant man coming by on a bicycle or on his own two legs could notice the hurting expression that shone on my face .
18,null,null,An insomnia that has outlasted its course , half a heart to spare to the one it belongs to , and the tonnes lying on his stubby shoulders .
19,null,null,Whether the man is out to care for their dog , the mail , something ; they always take a look to glance at the face of a broken child , often not realizing the fine details in the street lights glowing on my frozen cheeks . '
20,null,null,What did it take to find redemption ? '
21,null,null,I often wondered , as grand sunlight was walking upstairs to knock the moon off it is sleepy stool .
22,null,null,I sat and .
23,null,null,watched a beautiful red giant approach , and drew images in mind to flicker about and echo in my concave dome of secrets
24,null,null,As the flickering opportunity ran full speed in front of me , I turned and .
25,null,null,felt the imagery toss into the incinerator
26,null,null,A great insecurity washed over the industry working ahead up above , slowing me down as I walked in slowly toward the place to call work .
27,null,null,I sat the bicycle at it .
28,null,null,is rack ,
29,null,null,hands in pocket as I blinked at the glaring sun
30,null,null,A numbness hit my heart , and
31,null,null,for the next eight hours , I would lose who I was , only coming back at the rise of a pounding rain .
32,null,null,I walked from a distant building , taking the long path to a home that did not know me .
33,null,null,I took the rugged bicycle , and .
34,null,null,stared up above at the shadowy clouds
35,null,null,I leaned forward over the handlebars , watching the patterns fly past my visions .
36,null,null,I lifted up again , opening my voice to play a tune , looking for a face to redeem my little work .
37,null,null,I went onward , and .
38,null,null,stared at the home that forgot me
39,null,null,I walked slowly up , placing the bicycle just where it was , hitting the kickstand which had sacrificed my ankle some .
40,null,null,I opened the door , giving a brief greeting .
41,null,null,I entered the meeting room of regrets and .
42,null,null,lost innocence , stroking my hands over what was a cuddly friend
43,null,null,My vision blurred , feeling the great exhaustion from the night prior taking me over .
44,null,null,I curled in the corner , feeling the toilets flushing the pent up pains from an earlier disembarkment of a peanut gallery .
45,null,null,I hugged the one thing that brought a soothing to my life , and .
46,null,null,proceeded to let out an ugly sob , trying to remember who everyone was , as I grabbed a broken mirror , staring at who the blurry stranger was in it
47,null,null,I felt myself faint , awaking to two strangers cycling the door between storage and the hands of all waiting for me .
48,null,null,What were you thinking ?
49,null,null,the woman asked , What did you say ?
50,null,null,the man asking .
51,null,null,I do not know .
52,null,null,I responded , lying on my side , as they both awkwardly stepped out , with a cracked expression of what was me walking out .
53,null,null,I felt a blankness ride across my body , as I stared upon a wall that reminded me of life .
54,null,null,I sat stationary , and .
55,null,null,buried my head under a recording of a person with nothing left
56,null,null,I held my heart , staring out at the dark that I wanted to escape in .
57,null,null,A length that no person dared , but
58,null,null,a low that felt necessary .
59,null,null,I felt an unnecessary realism flow through me , as my arms folded , feeling a coldness drip down my neck .
60,null,null,I got up , and .
61,null,null,went to the porch of attempting life again
62,null,null,A moon vanished above me , showing a pine away from me only just by some measurements .
63,null,null,The bicycle appeared broken on the road , as I walked to what I remember being the last resort in this world .
64,null,null,I walked to a reused bench , and .
65,null,null,stared out at the murky waters that felt like memories
66,null,null,I looked to my left , seeing a young boy sitting in the back of a delinquent is wagon , and to my right
67,null,null,a child amongst a smaller group , enjoying the finer delicacies of life .
68,null,null,In between it all , a fool .
69,null,null,I cracked my bubbly back , as a soreness hit my veins .
70,null,null,I stood slowly , my body tossing and turning inside .
71,null,null,The world turned askew , as the sun beat slowly onto my flustered body .
72,null,null,I took flight across the ramp of a broken dream , taking a flip that would ruin me for a day .
73,null,null,A nostalgia for the life that was simple broke me down slowly , as I felt my walking slow down .
74,null,null,I sat by a curb , watching a teenager go away from a regretful sunset on a bench .
75,null,null,He sported a terrible frown , forgetting of the one .
76,null,null,A light flew by at fast speeds , turning away from my stretched out legs , as a noise emitted from it is front .
77,null,null,I stared blankly into the street , feeling my mind shatter into many jagged pieces .
78,null,null,A dam blocked the feeling of humanity and a progress of going up in the world .
79,null,null,I picked up the pieces , attaching them to my hurting consciousness .
80,null,null,I stomped back to a filthy bed , staring into the bright light that fueled no purpose .
81,null,null,I spread a message , the bait missing all parties .
82,null,null,I collapsed , waking to a time of no reply .
83,null,null,I logged into what made time fly by , and .
84,null,null,felt the pains of months wash away within seconds
85,null,null,A second half had joined , and
86,null,null,I forgot about all the things around me for the next year .
87,null,null,Dawn upon myself shined my sleepy public works to let out a shrieking cry , standing over a bin full of scraps and desperation to fix my bleeding innards .
88,null,null,I panicked into a corner , .
89,null,null,awaiting life is worst terrors
90,null,null,I stood to nothing , and .
91,null,null,returned to a hamper of depression
92,null,null,I stared at the dusty fan blades .
93,null,null,fly full speed , breathing in only to glance at the horrid truth
94,null,null,A shadow stood behind my forgotten figure , taunting the fullness above it .
95,null,null,I wore a jacket and , and
96,null,null,yelled at it
97,null,null,it shyly walked .
98,null,null,I took a deep breath and .
99,null,null,walked outside toward the bench once again , staring out at the beautiful waters
100,null,null,A creature came from the waters , approaching me .
101,null,null,I held its hand , standing up accordingly .
102,null,null,The creature pushed me into a pit full of spikes , as I awoke to half of me missing .
103,null,null,I felt a burning inside of me , as my insides waned into a fine drawing of genitalia , washing the deliberate feeling and thought around my head , causing me to let out of a horrific screech of losing a natural ability .
104,null,null,My body awoke in a new person
105,null,null,is home , as I stared out into the busy road below my sleepy figure .
106,null,null,An old woman came out from the corner , as I nervously responded with a gulp .
107,null,null,We shared an exchange , as I sat and pondered the shelves of a life that I knew little about .
108,null,null,I explored the past , only finding multiple recordings of enthusiasts .
109,null,null,I folded my hands , recognizing that I meant nothing here .
110,null,null,The plane flew slowly away , as the shock went away from my skull , as my heart was left with a small hole .
111,null,null,I sat and .
112,null,null,could not breathe , only feeling a great pain as we jumped into the chair of obnoxious actions
113,null,null,I sat and .
114,null,null,thought , glancing at the broken mirror
115,null,null,It was me .
1367 29
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am sitting here at what is my 26th or 27th job ( I can barely keep count .
2,null,null,I am 27 years old by the way ) .
3,null,null,I already hate it
4,null,null,and I have been here one month today .
5,null,null,I do not think it is normal to have this many jobs over a lifetime ,
6,null,null,let alone when you are just in your late 20
7,null,null,is .
8,null,null,I have applied for disability before but .
9,null,null,was denied
10,null,null,I do not dispute the fact that I can get a job , I just can not keep a job .
11,null,null,I get bored , I get anxiety attacks
12,null,null,, I get to the point where I do not want to go outside at all .
13,null,null,I will never be able to work ( successfully ) with all those things going on .
14,null,null,When I went to see an attorney to appeal my disability decision , he said I should find a job with minimal responsibility .
15,null,null,What kind of job is that ?
16,null,null,Do not you have to be responsible enough to at least come to work ( and on time ) ?
17,null,null,Do not you have to be responsible to follow the rules of the job ?
18,null,null,I can not seem to do either one .
19,null,null,Each job I get , I think " maybe this can be the job I can stay at " and it never happens .
20,null,null,The longest I have ever stayed at a job is 1 year .
21,null,null,I just feel like such a loser .
22,null,null,Everyone I know always says they will do whatever kind of job for their kids , or
23,null,null,I should be lucky to have a job .
24,null,null,I can see their point , but .
25,null,null,when I feel so miserable I can not see past that
26,null,null,I drag myself to jobs only to end up quitting or getting myself fired .
27,null,null,What is wrong with me ?
28,null,null,Any advice ?
29,null,null,Anyone ?
1368 11
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Why does it feel like I want to be depressed ?
2,null,null,Idk
3,null,null,, just something I have been thinking about lately and idk why .
4,null,null,Sorry if this is offensive to someone .
5,null,null,Edit :
6,null,null,I am depressed , and
7,null,null,I got this feeling of wanting to be depressed and idk
8,null,null,why .
9,null,null,Maybe to let people see that I am having a hard time and get some comfort .
10,null,null,Again , idk .
11,null,null,I can not put my feelings into words atm .
1369 13
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Hi , everyone - new to these forum board thingies
2,null,null,so please forgive me if this does not end up being posted in the right place !
3,null,null,I have lived with depression since I was 14 years old
4,null,null,( I am now 43 ) .
5,null,null,For the past 10 years I have been managing this condition without the aid of drugs or stimulants .
6,null,null,My life changed the day I stopped fighting the " condition " and accepted it as part of who I was .
7,null,null,Acceptance is the greatest gift you can give yourself on the road to recovery , not only does it take away the stigma , it also gives the fear nothing to feed on .
8,null,null,For those of you who are still in the depths of darkness , please do not give up hope , there are many of us out here who , have experienced exactly what you are going through now
9,null,null,, we survived
10,null,null,- so can you .
11,null,null,Recovery is possible , it just takes time and a little faith in yourself .
12,null,null,Thank you for allowing me to join this community , I hope my experiences of living with this condition can help others , the door to the email box is always open !
13,null,null,Kindest regards to all
1370 25
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Lonely and .
2,null,null,stupid
3,null,null,I feel so stupid .
4,null,null,I have always been academic and
5,null,null,studious-
6,null,null,if anything , I have dedicated my existence to the pursuit of knowledge , at the expense of forming human relationships .
7,null,null,But I am constantly overwhelmed by how much I do not know , how slow I am to understand concepts , and
8,null,null,how my peers are all more intelligent than me .
9,null,null,I know it is impossible to always be the smartest person in the room , but
10,null,null,I feel that the fruits of my studies are disproportionate to my efforts .
11,null,null,At the same time , I have conflicting feelings over my loneliness .
12,null,null,I desire human interaction , but
13,null,null,others find me rigid and distant .
14,null,null,In all honesty , I am easily bored by small talk and trivial discussions .
15,null,null,I understand that it is important in forming friendships , but
16,null,null,my under - stimulated brain seems to automatically ishut - off ' after a while .
17,null,null,I have noticed that the people I do get along with are like me .
18,null,null,Introverted , .
19,null,null,cold , and academic
20,null,null,We do not see each other as people , but .
21,null,null,as enlightened books with fresh concepts
22,null,null,These ideas are interesting to explore .
23,null,null,If the book is lost , we are disappointed but not crushed .
24,null,null,We were never bound by friendship ; we were tied by our interests and perhaps mutual isolation .
25,null,null,I do not feel an ounce of human warmth from these acquaintances .
1371 45
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I think i am okay , but
2,null,null,in reality and in hindsight I am completely not okay .
3,null,null,I think I am literally dying day by day .
4,null,null,Hello to anyone out there , I am just a good guy who did not come from much
5,null,null,and I am trying my best to live a fulfilling life
6,null,null,but I do not think I can anymore because of this illness .
7,null,null,I use to be quite a geek as a kid and love video games and playing with others and having fun .
8,null,null,I remember when I use to look forward to coming home from elementary school or middle school and just do my homework and then game away .
9,null,null,It was so much fun then
10,null,null,and I felt like I was genuinely pretty happy .
11,null,null,Now a days I feel like i am just literally dead .
12,null,null,I do not do anything
13,null,null,, I can not sleep , I hardly eat because I ca nt find the motivation to go out and get food .. and over the past 4 years I have noticed that depression really has taken a toll on me mentally and physically .
14,null,null,It sucks so bad that I genuinely think I will probably die prematurely and die lonely .
15,null,null,I have no friends , no acquaintances , and just family that do not understand anything about what i am going through .
16,null,null,To be honest I wish I was never born .
17,null,null,I wish i did not exist because facing the world is killing me .
18,null,null,Just the other day I thought about all the opportunities i have missed out on because of my depression .
19,null,null,Like internships , jobs , career fairs , fun events and even a potential awesome friend but
20,null,null,all of that is not going to happen because i am as dead as a rock .
21,null,null,I turned 22 a couple days ago and
22,null,null,no one even said happy birthday ..
23,null,null,Not even family .
24,null,null,At this point i am looking at my future and its looking dim .
25,null,null,I have simply lost the meaning of living .
26,null,null,I have no self esteem , no confidence , nothing .
27,null,null,Maybe people like me do not deserve to live a good life , perhaps we ought to die and just get over it .
28,null,null,If there was someone who can tell me my fate i will want to listen to it now .
29,null,null,I just can not anymore .
30,null,null,I fucking just want to run the bridge and jump off
31,null,null,but sadly i recognize that I only have one life .
32,null,null,I am hoping and .
33,null,null,hoping maybe everything can turn around for me but what are the odds to be honest
34,null,null,I might as well have a heart attack and .
35,null,null,just die
36,null,null,I hate this .
37,null,null,I am lonely , i am always sad and
38,null,null,i am just a piece of shit that is worthless .
39,null,null,Good
40,null,null,Bye everyone .
41,null,null,I hope you have all had an awesome day .
42,null,null,As for me everyday is the same and
43,null,null,if things do not change soon I think i will rather end it .
44,null,null,Not even graduating college meant anything for me .
45,null,null,I fucking hate myself !
1372 23
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I feel doubts about my relationship when I am depressed ?
2,null,null,I am 25
3,null,null,/ M.
4,null,null,I am gay
5,null,null,and I have been with my boyfriend J for five months .
6,null,null,I used to be severely depressed .
7,null,null,But lately my life has been pretty good .
8,null,null,But sometimes I get into a depressed mood and
9,null,null,I start having doubts about my relationship .
10,null,null,Honestly nothing is really wrong between us .
11,null,null,But sometimes I feel like I do not really love him , and that we do not actually have any chemistry .
12,null,null,And I do not know why I feel that way .
13,null,null,I start nitpicking our relationship and try to find flaws in it to justify how I feel .
14,null,null,But other times we will both be in a good mood , and
15,null,null,the spark is totally there , and I feel great about everything .
16,null,null,I am starting to think that this is just what my brain defaults to when I am sad , and that there is nothing actually wrong with us .
17,null,null,For example this weekend I was feeling great , then on Sunday my parents had a conversation with me that really triggered me , and
18,null,null,now I am feeling depressed and doubting my relationship .
19,null,null,( The conversation with my parents had nothing to do with my boyfriend . )
20,null,null,Basically it seems like whenever I feel down , my brain immediately jumps to " maybe I should break up with my boyfriend .
21,null,null," I do not know if this is a sign that something is actually wrong , or if this is just what a depressed brain does .
22,null,null,Does anyone else experience this ?
23,null,null,Is this common ?
1373 6
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,having just cheated on a girl i have known for over 3 years , i have felt not only depressed , but also physically sick from the moment i got on the train home at the weekend .
2,null,null,i am incapable of vomiting because i have a stomach ulcer from 4 years ago as a result of depression at a previous job .
3,null,null,i have repeatedly apologized profusely to her , and
4,null,null,today was told that she would not be able to see me before she leaves to go back abroad .
5,null,null,i can only hope at this stage that she will contact me when she returns to the uk .
6,null,null,the worst part is that i do not seem to have a reason for going with the other girl .
1374 26
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,What s the point anymore with love After nearly a year of struggling to stay happy from what happened between my ex and I and trying not to do relationships anymore , i let myself slip and gave myself a chance with this one girl who is amazing and nice and kind and such just to be thrown away after one fucken week .
2,null,null,We work together and
3,null,null,she liked me alot
4,null,null,but since i m a manager
5,null,null,and she s an employee
6,null,null,, we had to keep it a secret
7,null,null,but people were already starting to spread rumors about us and my GM who wasntnearly as suspicious about it cut her hours and days for this week
8,null,null,and i asked why .
9,null,null,His response was that she was flirting with alot of other guys and it was becoming a problem
10,null,null,so he cut her days to just 1 this week .
11,null,null,When she saw the schedule she thought about us and
12,null,null,how it was a bad idea to date
13,null,null,and it would nt be a good idea
14,null,null,anymore since she does nt want to lose her job .
15,null,null,Exactly one week of dating
16,null,null,and I already lost someone that i did nt want to go away just like that .
17,null,null,Like yeah
18,null,null,i
19,null,null,m a bit sad
20,null,null,but not enough to cry or anything
21,null,null,but it just like , i was so fucken happy
22,null,null,again i started to smile , something i have nt done in months
23,null,null,and it just felt nice
24,null,null,but now i m back to my depressed state of being lonely as usual and just play games , work and goto sleep and repeat that day after day until i end it all .
25,null,null,This is why i try my best not to date or get attached to anyone because if i try to date , it will just end badly for me .
26,null,null,I just want to be happy and have someone close .
1375 9
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Will God Ever Forgive Me . ! ! ? ?
2,null,null,I wonder if God will ever forgive me . ! !
3,null,null,I have lost it all over and over . ! !
4,null,null,Hurt the feelings of my beautiful princess my beautiful queen . ! !
5,null,null,All due to my own insecurities . ! !
6,null,null,I cheated . !
7,null,null,And it all just hunted me . ! !
8,null,null,I would always think she would go on and do all of the shit I made her go thru . ! !
9,null,null,I know I am a fucking piece of worthless shit . ! !
1376 12
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Advice for getting back in touch with everyday life ?
2,null,null,I think the hardest thing for me , and the largest factor I need to address to try and feel healthy again , is simply trying to feel engaged in and enjoying the present .
3,null,null,Right now , days have little to no meaning at all , and
4,null,null,I am only really able to think of my life in terms of weeks , months , and years .
5,null,null,As a result of that , I feel nothing from the hobbies or moments that would before provide me feelings of joy , satisfaction or just generally fulfilling myself .
6,null,null,The only activities I really " enjoy " anymore is anything that provides me with a complete escape from reality , however these activities are not exactly one belonging to a healthy lifestyle .
7,null,null,I just want to enjoy the things that I used to enjoy , but
8,null,null,whenever I try I feel like I am wasting my time , .
9,null,null,are not doing them well enough
10,null,null,Has anybody gone through something similar , and ?
11,null,null,has advice for how they managed to get through it
12,null,null,Thanks for reading .
1377 27
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Thank You ArtChick and Tempesta , all of you who have been here for me .
2,null,null,I am so glad that you all understand .
3,null,null,I really want to get out from behind this trapped door .
4,null,null,My life is so controlled and
5,null,null,he does not even see it .
6,null,null,He denies it when i bring it up .
7,null,null,I cry because i can not buy things for my children or grandchildren .
8,null,null,This is not the way it is suppose to be .
9,null,null,One of the reasons I do not make it to church on some Sundays is because I do not have clothes to wear .
10,null,null,I have a pair of black jeans
11,null,null,i keep switching jackets and shirts
12,null,null,so i do not look the same every Sunday .
13,null,null,My daughter bought me a nice dress and
14,null,null,it was warm enough last Sunday to wear it .
15,null,null,I guess i should not care about what people think and all the people at my church are wonderful , not judgmental .
16,null,null,I do go to the Lord in Prayer every morning and .
17,null,null,study my Bible
18,null,null,I feel content because we are supposed to give all our worries to him and not get in his way of taking care of them .
19,null,null,I know God is working in my life , my daughter finding this site is just one of the ways i know .
20,null,null,my husband just got a job after being out of work for a year .
21,null,null,I prayed for that too .
22,null,null,He did not just get a job
23,null,null,but he got a good job .
24,null,null,I told him he did not get it on his own .
25,null,null,I know I am going to get better eventually .
26,null,null,Thank all of you for being here for me .
27,null,null,I will keep all of you in my prayers too .
1378 38
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I suffer from major depression too and
2,null,null,I have taken almost all of the SSRI is
3,null,null,but the only one that really helped me was Lexapro .
4,null,null,I took it for around 2 month
5,null,null,is , then decided that I did not want to become addicted to another medication
6,null,null,so I just stopped taking it
7,null,null,and it did not bother me at all .
8,null,null,I have been taking 100 mil of Elavil at bedtime which is also an antidepressant
9,null,null,but I take it to help me sleep .
10,null,null,It used to help control my depression but
11,null,null,it does not anymore and really does not help me sleep either .
12,null,null,Have you ever tried Lexapro ?
13,null,null,I think it is the best SSRI one can be on
14,null,null,and I had no side effects while taking it
15,null,null,so you might want to ask your doctor about it .
16,null,null,If there is an alternative treatment for major depression I would like to know what it is .
17,null,null,I really have no reason to be depressed as I have a very loving , supportive husband 4 wonderful children , 10 grandchildren and 6 great - grand children .
18,null,null,Both my husband and I are retired and
19,null,null,this is a time when I should really be enjoying my life
20,null,null,but there is a void which I can not explain .
21,null,null,I do not want for anything .
22,null,null,I have a beautiful home ,
23,null,null,a new Durango but the material things are not what makes one happy .
24,null,null,I have been told that one chooses to be happy or unhappy
25,null,null,but I certainly do not choose to be unhappy
26,null,null,and I do not know anyone who would .
27,null,null,I am a devout Christian
28,null,null,and I know that my depression is not coming from God
29,null,null,but I am letting the Devil tell me that I am depressed .
30,null,null,Maybe God is just trying to bring me closer to Him
31,null,null,and I need to lay my burden of depression at His feet and tell him that I can not get through this alone
32,null,null,, then just forget about it but
33,null,null,for me it is not that easy .
34,null,null,Three of my 4 children are taking antidepressants
35,null,null,so I guess depression might be hereditary ( spelling ? ) .
36,null,null,I will pray for you to feel better and ?
37,null,null,will you please pray for me too
38,null,null,Thank you .
1379 7
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Wishing I could cry , but can not It is really hard , trying to sit , and think about something , and having that feeling where you want to cry , but
2,null,null,the tears just will not come out .
3,null,null,The worst thing about this is that my day was going well .
4,null,null,I do not have any issues .
5,null,null,Why do I feel like this ?
6,null,null,Makes the day look useless , .
7,null,null,makes my life look useless
1380 21
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Feel as though I am losing myself and everything in life is pointless
2,null,null,I am 21
3,null,null,and I have hit a wall in my life where I feel like relationships and life in general
4,null,null,is just pointless .
5,null,null,I am a slave to debt .
6,null,null,I have no career going for me
7,null,null,and I do not know
8,null,null,what career path I want to go towards .
9,null,null,All of this has just built up inside me
10,null,null,and I just feel like giving up .
11,null,null,We are expected to go to school , work , get married ,
12,null,null,have kids , work until you die .
13,null,null,I have not found a passion in really anything
14,null,null,work related
15,null,null,and I do not think I ever will .
16,null,null,I am in a relationship
17,null,null,but I feel as though I am being self destructive in this relationship
18,null,null,and maybe this relationship is dying out soon , idk and idk how I would cope with that .
19,null,null,I am just so lost
20,null,null,and I have not talked to anyone about this because I do not have the patience and time for people making excuses for me .
21,null,null,If someone could relate and share , that would help .
1381 10
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Older female fighting depression
2,null,null,Hi
3,null,null,I am a 54 year old female that is recently lost 100 pounds and quit smoking .
4,null,null,You think that would solve the depression !
5,null,null,But if I do not keep my mind and body busy at all times , it pops right back up to the forefront .
6,null,null,Even when I wake up in the middle of the night just to roll over ..
7,null,null,Boom , there it is .
8,null,null,Sadness and .
9,null,null,dread
10,null,null,Thanks for listening
1382 16
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am new to this board .
2,null,null,I have been on State Disability for severe depression since March .
3,null,null,Sometime during the summer - can not remember exactly when - I was sent for a psychiatric evaluation .
4,null,null,Even though I told the doctor
5,null,null,I was still suicidal , sleeping 18 hours or not at all , bulimic , and in danger of eviction because I could not manage running a household
6,null,null,, she determined I was well enough to go back to work .
7,null,null,I have been under psychiatric care for depression for about 12 years now .
8,null,null,This is NOT going away .
9,null,null,I have been trying to finish my Social Security application since March
10,null,null,but it is too overwhelming .
11,null,null,I should have it ready this week .
12,null,null,Does anyone have any experience with appeals at the state ( California ) level ?
13,null,null,Btw , I did lose my apartment and .
14,null,null,had to send my son to live in Texas with my mother since I was on the verge of homelessness
15,null,null,I spend all day paralyzed with fear .
16,null,null,Help .
1383 16
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I Do nt Know I would die if you guys could all go back to your original former or happy selves and stay there .
2,null,null,I think I have been making a breakthrough lately .
3,null,null,But i still think i ve taken more L is in life than a lot of people I see or pass by .
4,null,null,Why me ?
5,null,null,Why this ?
6,null,null,Guys why do i have go through so much pain in life ?
7,null,null,Why did I have to witness little boys get bullied , my mom getting beaten to a pulp by some drunk , why do I have to see all of this ?
8,null,null,I have to fight for my own
9,null,null,, that s
10,null,null,what I m just now putting into practice .
11,null,null,I hate life , people always selling me short
12,null,null,, girls never paying attention even though you share every aspect of humanity that you have discovered with them .
13,null,null,Coutesy , manners , all do nt mean a thing .
14,null,null,I m sitting on the pavement ,
15,null,null,homeless , tired , grumpy , sane , hungry , warm .
16,null,null,I hope that I stomp a few people into the ground before I die , because I hate how much shit I have eaten .
1384 63
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Hello .
2,null,null,I am just getting over a suicide attempt , my 2nd .
3,null,null,It was extremely serious .
4,null,null,I was planning it for week , and
5,null,null,when I was fired form my job
6,null,null,I did it the next day .
7,null,null,I have a BS in chemistry and , so
8,null,null,worked testing pharmacological products
9,null,null,i knew what to take .
10,null,null,I do not know what made me call my ex - BF .
11,null,null,I did not speak to him for 4 months , but
12,null,null,I wanted him to be the one to find me .
13,null,null,Needless to say I lived .
14,null,null,The doctors where surprised that I did .
15,null,null,I took 3 things , ( not going to give people ideas )
16,null,null,that i knew they could not do anything for because of them being together .
17,null,null,They could not pump my stomach cause of the one thing .
18,null,null,They could not give any antidotes cause of interactions .
19,null,null,I took well over the lethal limit .
20,null,null,My life was spiraling out of control since Jan of 98 .
21,null,null,Since then , I have had 3 heart and 2 cancer operations .
22,null,null,I was discharged from the Navy , .
23,null,null,was an officer , because of the medical stuff
24,null,null,My 1st suicide attempt was in the navy , they chalked it up to being stupid and not dealing with the 1st heart and cancer surgeries .
25,null,null,My parents had a bitter divorce and
26,null,null,I was caught in the middle when I got home .
27,null,null,My mother assumed my ID and .
28,null,null,ran up a bunch of bills
29,null,null,I came out of the closet .
30,null,null,I slept around to feel wanted .
31,null,null,Which was not a wise choice , I gained my 3rd major medical situation .
32,null,null,Not going to say what , but
33,null,null,I am sure you can figure it out .
34,null,null,I have a soul mate that I hurt , my ex - BF , and
35,null,null,who knows if we will ever be friends or more .
36,null,null,2005 was a blur .
37,null,null,I do not remember things , or
38,null,null,saw things
39,null,null,that where not there .
40,null,null,Like documentation , which led to me being fired .
41,null,null,I was afraid to leave the house , and .
42,null,null,was even afraid of 5 year olds selling candy for the school
43,null,null,The good thing about the suicide attempt is there was a proper diagnosis .
44,null,null,I compartmentalized , and .
45,null,null,pushed emotions away
46,null,null,Every situation or moment had its own little box , and
47,null,null,I put it away .
48,null,null,I wanted to be like Spok or Data .
49,null,null,I would put on different mask for different situations .
50,null,null,There was shopping me , gas pumping me , heck
51,null,null,, i had a separate mask for every action I performed .
52,null,null,I have abandonment issues , from how i was treated growing up .
53,null,null,Medicines did nothing and .
54,null,null,gave bad side effects
55,null,null,My depression is not chemical , but .
56,null,null,mental
57,null,null,I need to re - learn how to think and handle emotions and issues properly .
58,null,null,Unemployment is running out , people are looking for money for bills .
59,null,null,But it is better to be alive .
60,null,null,WOW , this was longer than I intended .
61,null,null,Just saying who I am , and
62,null,null,I am a mess ..
63,null,null,but slowly putting my life together .
1385 11
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Nothing .
2,null,null,I have come to a point where I can not do anything .
3,null,null,I just drown in my own misery and problems .
4,null,null,I tend to overanalyze things .
5,null,null,And that hurts my brain .
6,null,null,I feel like a failure .
7,null,null,That is what I wanted to say .
8,null,null,I really want to write more
9,null,null,, explain my feelings in full detail
10,null,null,, I just do not have the energy .
11,null,null,Not even for that .
1386 22
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,My best friend is husband shot himself friday night .
2,null,null,I am angry .
3,null,null,He was a manly man .
4,null,null,All of us .
5,null,null,All of his friends encouraged him to get help
6,null,null,but he grew up in a world , in a house ,
7,null,null,that thought mental health professionals were quacks .
8,null,null,He thought that taking medicine for something going on in your head was weak .
9,null,null,This was an entirely medical problem that could have been prevented .
10,null,null,So I am mad .
11,null,null,At him for leaving my best friend a 26 year old widow , at the people who raised him , at society ,
12,null,null,for telling him it is weak to take medicine , at whatever the fuck higher power may be responsible for this stupid , senseless waste .
13,null,null,I am guilty for not trying to do more .
14,null,null,I am heartbroken that I will never talk to him again or hear him play his guitar or see him turn a piece of wood into something beautiful .
15,null,null,I am confused by the events leading up to it .
16,null,null,I just need help .
17,null,null,I do not know what to do .
18,null,null,I am spending most of my time with my best friend and .
19,null,null,trying to be strong and give comfort where I can
20,null,null,I do not know what the point of this post is .
21,null,null,Any words of wisdom , advice , thoughts , stories would be very welcome .
22,null,null,Thanks for reading .
1387 11
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Feeling numb .. ?
2,null,null,Has anyone else reached the point where they realise that they were emotionally numb in the past or still are now ?
3,null,null,Last year , my grandfather passed away and
4,null,null,it was a sad time for the family .
5,null,null,I was upset , but .
6,null,null,no where near what I think I should have been
7,null,null,I still have a hard time getting truly excited about things that should be fun , like going back to uni and seeing friends etc .
8,null,null,It is hard feeling to describe .
9,null,null,Dazed or maybe ?
10,null,null,aloof
11,null,null,If I do feel any emotional intensity , it is anger or irritability .
1388 67
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I had therapy today .
2,null,null,I do not even know where to start .
3,null,null,First off , I lost a day last week ( time loss / dissociation)
4,null,null,..
5,null,null,it was last Tuesday that I lost .
6,null,null,My mom called me Friday
7,null,null,and I said " why are you calling me "
8,null,null,and she said " I always call you on Friday " .
9,null,null,I told her that it was Thursday
10,null,null,and she told me I was wrong .
11,null,null,So , I back tracked the best I could
12,null,null,and I can not remember anything that I did on Tuesday .
13,null,null,The interesting thing is that I mailed my therapist the research info I found on dissociation
14,null,null,so when I saw her today I asked her what was the date that I put on the letter I sent and guess what ..
15,null,null,IT WAS TUESDAY .
16,null,null,Then she asked me if I brought it in
17,null,null,and I told her no that I mailed it .
18,null,null,And she said that I could not have because it was not scanned by the post office .
19,null,null,She showed me the envelope
20,null,null,and it was not scanned at all .
21,null,null,She also said that the mail had already come in the office and the envelope was in her mailbox way after she had already checked her mail .
22,null,null,So , we have no idea how that got to her office .
23,null,null,But I do not drive and
24,null,null,Carol did not take me anywhere last week .
25,null,null,So , if anyone remembers being with me or talking to me Tuesday .. COULD YOU HELP ME OUT PLEASE .
26,null,null,My therapist looked over the information that I sent her
27,null,null,and she said that everything basically fits with what I am going through and DID .
28,null,null,The problem is , she does not treat dissociative disorders and has no idea how to even help me .
29,null,null,I appreciated her honesty though .
30,null,null,But she said she knows a therapist in Jeffersonville , IN ..
31,null,null,oh God .. that treats dissociative patients
32,null,null,but I do not drive and
33,null,null,Carol is not going to take me over to Jville on a weekly basis for therapy .
34,null,null,Also , we have never even been over there before so we would get lost .
35,null,null,So , she then called her boss and another lady to see if they knew who else in Louisville could help me and to see if she can get some help on treating me .
36,null,null,I also gave her more info on some of the things I am dealing with and the voices that are going on .
37,null,null,I even gave her the names of the two that I already know of .
38,null,null,She said the fact that I can not remember my childhood and that I not only lose time for minutes but also for days that it is not normal and we need to figure out how to help me .
39,null,null,I have been in the mental health system since 2001 and .
40,null,null,have had just about every diagnosis slapped on me
41,null,null,I hope I can finally get some help .
42,null,null,I am honestly about to give up .
43,null,null,She also said that she is going to see if they can take me off the Seroquel since it is making me sick and NOT WORKING .
44,null,null,So , she asked me what else I have been on
45,null,null,and I told her ( Haldol - did not work , Risperdal - did not work , Zyprexa - did not work , Paxil / Paxil CR - worked for a little bit then wore off , Wellbutrin - did not work ) .
46,null,null,She said that she wants to try Depakote , Abilify , or another mood stabilizer .
47,null,null,I also took those two journal entries in that I posted last week
48,null,null,so she could read them .
49,null,null,And , I wish I could get it scanned
50,null,null,but it did not look right to me
51,null,null,so I can not show them to you
52,null,null,( that is why I just typed it ) and
53,null,null,she said that one of the interesting things that stood out about the entries is that the handwriting was different in three places .
54,null,null,I am a mess .
55,null,null,But believe it or , after today is session
56,null,null,not
57,null,null,I am a little hopeful .
58,null,null,In other news , Carol and I have started working on our book of poetry .
59,null,null,We have been throwing around ideas all day and .
60,null,null,working out some details
61,null,null,We are in the process of getting the poems we want to be in the book together and coming up with a title ( which we have already done ) .
62,null,null,We are also working on the different categories that we want the poems to fall under .
63,null,null,I have been working around with PagePlus for a couple of hours now trying to figure out how we can set this up .
64,null,null,She also has a list of publishers that we are going to be going through as well .
65,null,null,I am also still working on getting around to doing some updates on my webpage and trying to budget out how I can pay for my site so I can get more space and get rid of those damn banner ads .
66,null,null,I am moving as fast as I can
67,null,null,but right now I am having some sinus issues ( again ) .
1389 25
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I take it that by you saying " Learn to give rather than take and you will find life turns around ! "
2,null,null,that you are implying that I am a taker and not a giver .
3,null,null,And maybe that is so .
4,null,null,Maybe all the blood that I have donated
5,null,null,( it gives me a sense of purpose and
6,null,null,sometimes it seems that the nurses there are the only ones who care that I am alive , and that is only because of what my body produces ) or the times when I do things out of the kindness of my heart rather than for monetary gains or as a means to earn someone is favor or to make them somehow indebted to me like others would do , maybe doing all that still means that I am a taker .
7,null,null,I do not know .
8,null,null,I have been told that my perceptions can not really be trusted , but
9,null,null,that does not sound like someone who is a taker to me .
10,null,null,I am 27 .
11,null,null,And by that age most guys have been in at least one relationship .
12,null,null,I have not .
13,null,null,That is why I have set the timeframe .
14,null,null,Everyone I know has had at least a taste of love and human companionship by the time they were 30 .
15,null,null,So I have decided that if no one wants me , why stay ?
16,null,null,Living alone means seeing what I want on TV .. and .
17,null,null,having absolutely no one to enjoy or discuss it with
18,null,null,That is my view of it .
19,null,null,Pessimistic ?
20,null,null,Yes , but it is been the truth for me .
21,null,null,I am sorry to sound bitter , but
22,null,null,this is exactly what I face out in the world .
23,null,null,People see my problems and .
24,null,null,think that it is my fault
25,null,null,I hoped I would get a different attitude here .
1390 13
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,being cyberstalked by a uk kid
2,null,null,I have some 14 year old kid from the UK that has been cyberstalking me for the past 4 months on my twitter , Facebook , YouTube and other social media
3,null,null,accounts all cause we had a fallout over a wwe 2k video game ( yes seriously ) .
4,null,null,I have been trying to block him
5,null,null,but he keeps making more accounts telling me to kill myself and .
6,null,null,that noone cares bout me
7,null,null,he has told me to shoot myself in the head with a gun , drink battery acid and tells me that my friends on PlayStation are no life is for supporting and putting up with me .
8,null,null,He also hacked into my friends YouTube channel a while back and .
9,null,null,took it down thus causing me to have to delete my main YouTube channel and lose a majority of my videos due to him threatening to do it to me too
10,null,null,I can not contact law enforcement as they do not seem to care and
11,null,null,he even went so far as to make a fake girl account on twitter and try flirting with me to talk to him .
12,null,null,He is making my life a miserable hell .
13,null,null,And my personal life is not going much better either
1391 48
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Okay , here is the deal .
2,null,null,I am 17 , and
3,null,null,I have been depressed and suicidal for as long as i can remember .
4,null,null,( See the post
5,null,null," God Hates Me " )
6,null,null,I just want to die .
7,null,null,I hate living .
8,null,null,It feels like no one cares .
9,null,null,In order to combat my depression I write .
10,null,null,To date I have written four major writings ( 50,00- 200 pages - words or more ) and .
11,null,null,am on my fifth
12,null,null,Last year , when I was on my first major writing one of my friends asked me if she could read it .
13,null,null,I was hesitant because it is my soul .
14,null,null,I take everything I feel and .
15,null,null,put it down on the page
16,null,null,It is all I do .
17,null,null,i do not go out or .
18,null,null,have any kind of social life
19,null,null,Writing is my life .
20,null,null,But , I eventually let her read it .
21,null,null,She liked it and .
22,null,null,read that whole writing
23,null,null,Since then she has become my editor of sorts .
24,null,null,There is just one problem - she is not editing .
25,null,null,You see , she is a drama geek - in plays and everything - and does not have a whole lot of free time
26,null,null,so I understand a slow pace , but
27,null,null,lately I have had to prod her to do anything .
28,null,null,Even over Christmas break she did not do anything .
29,null,null,Now , I have to call her on the weekends ( which is the only time she will even do it now ) to get her to do anything .
30,null,null,If I do not she will forget she even has it .
31,null,null,Every time I ask her about it , she just tells me how busy she is
32,null,null,and I end up feeling guilty .
33,null,null,I feel like she is rejecting me as a person , like she is saying " i just do not care about you .
34,null,null," It hurts me so bad .
35,null,null,It makes me feel like the one thing keeping me alive is stupid .
36,null,null,It makes me want to kill myself .
37,null,null,I feel like it is a burden to her .
38,null,null,It hurts me so bad .
39,null,null,It makes me go home and cut myself .
40,null,null,I have no idea how to handle the situation .
41,null,null,I want her to do it , but
42,null,null,I do not want it to seem like i am pestering her .
43,null,null,I understand she is busy , but
44,null,null,she makes time to go out with her other friends .
45,null,null,Could not she make a little time for me ?
46,null,null,Am I being unreasonable here ?
47,null,null,What should I do ?
48,null,null,Please help .
1392 10
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Want to cut but
2,null,null,can not I promised my girlfriend
3,null,null,I would not self harm but
4,null,null,last Friday I tried but
5,null,null,I started panicking because I remembered what I said
6,null,null,and she would see the cuts .
7,null,null,I gave her my box cutter on Friday and today
8,null,null,I started looking for something else in my room
9,null,null,and I do not have anything .
10,null,null,I am going to my schools counseling center with her today .
1393 7
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Does anyone else is depression causes them to constantly daydream or imagine their lives are a documentary ?
2,null,null,I daydream a lot about people I know in real life or situations I wish would happen .
3,null,null,It is alternate reality
4,null,null,I go to escape my loneliness .
5,null,null,I sometimes daydream about being in a hotel in some tropical paradise or being in a very romantic date or just that I am in some kind of reality TV show / documentary where I am the star and the narrator at the same time and everyone admires me .
6,null,null,My mental state worsens once the daydreaming is over
7,null,null,and I realize it is just fantasy . :/
1394 17
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am 20 years old ..
2,null,null,things have been getting harder and harder lately ..
3,null,null,i stopped cutting for 9 months ..
4,null,null,but i fell apart and ..
5,null,null,got back into it a few days ago
6,null,null,i cut really bad tonight , and
7,null,null,i feel like such a failure ..
8,null,null,all i can do is sit here and cry ..
9,null,null,the loneliness is really starting to get me ..
10,null,null,i just need someone to talk to that understands ..
11,null,null,i am seeing doctors and
12,null,null,taking medications
13,null,null,but they do nothing for me ..
14,null,null,the momentary bliss from cutting is all i have since I am a loner and can not get over my ex ..
15,null,null,if anyone out there understands or
16,null,null,does not mind listening
17,null,null,, please please let me know ..
1395 12
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I wish people that have never experienced depression could still understand .
2,null,null,There are those who might really care about you and want to help
3,null,null,but they have zero clue how depression works and their mindset is basically to tell you to get over it because that is what they do .
4,null,null,It is so fucking shit .
5,null,null,I should be grateful
6,null,null,I have people that care about me
7,null,null,I know ,
8,null,null,but its genuinely not that helpful
9,null,null,when they brush aside how shit I really feel because they do not see a reason for me to feel like this other than just being weak .
10,null,null,It is not even their fault
11,null,null,it is just actually uncomprehendable to some people that you would rather not exist sometimes for reasons beyond your control .
12,null,null,Why is it that any physical illness gets so much sympathy and empathy from everyone but the second it is a mental issue there s no excuse for it .
1396 15
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I miss my mom ..
2,null,null,Ever since I was put into foster care , all I ever wanted was to bring my family together again .
3,null,null,I wanted to build a future good enough to stay with my mother again .
4,null,null,Instead I graduated with a shitty degree , no future , more debt than I can handle , and no real way to start improving this future .
5,null,null,I am 30 years old and
6,null,null,I still cry myself to sleep thinking about my mom and all the pain she is in .
7,null,null,I think about how much of a failure I have become
8,null,null,and I wish I had never existed .
9,null,null,She had a choice to get rid of me and choose not to thinking something good might come of this .
10,null,null,My very existence not only ruined her life but .
11,null,null,gave myself no future or desire to live in the first place
12,null,null,So why am I still here ?
13,null,null,I just want it to end .
14,null,null,I just want to see her one more time and .
15,null,null,then let it all end
1397 28
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I think i might be depressed , even when i am having an ok life , is it possible ?
2,null,null,I will try to keep this as short as possible
3,null,null,, no one likes a wall of text .
4,null,null,Just as the tittle said , is it possible or
5,null,null,i am just seeing it all wrong ?
6,null,null,Summary : I am a 19 years old dude , NEET
7,null,null,at the moment , life was never hard or cruel to me .
8,null,null,Do not have many friends but all the friends i have are delightful to me , also my family puts no pressure on me and
9,null,null,they are pretty positive overall .
10,null,null,The only trauma i experienced so far was the breakup with my ex , but
11,null,null,i moved on totally forgot about her .
12,null,null,Just an ordinary life in general
13,null,null,But yet , i can not help but and .
14,null,null,notice the subtle changes of my outlook ,
15,null,null,in how i feel about life
16,null,null,I was 100 % happy
17,null,null,- go - lucky my entire life until the end phase of 2015 , but
18,null,null,then something happened .
19,null,null,Not sure when or why , because looking back nothing real bad happened to me , yet
20,null,null,i started to feel more and more indifferent as each day passes .
21,null,null,At one point i even stopped contacting people around me because i was like " talk is ok but
22,null,null,no talk is ok too " , and
23,null,null,even today i still feel that way .
24,null,null,I still feel joy and moods in life , like eating good food , cry from very sob movies , but at the end of the day there is always something , it is not feeling the same like how i had felt my entire life .
25,null,null,I think it might be because i have no dreams or passions like other folks in my life , but
26,null,null,i was always like that
27,null,null,and i was always fully content with it .
28,null,null,On a positive note , good thing is i do not have any suicidal thoughts .
1398 43
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Getting motivated to get help I was diagnosed with a mood disorder and PTSD ~1.5 years ago .
2,null,null,I was getting help for a while
3,null,null,but I dropped out of school and
4,null,null,moved out of state
5,null,null,so I just have not been able to do that in the past year .
6,null,null,I live with ( and
7,null,null,mooch off of )
8,null,null,an SO
9,null,null,but I have been fairly isolated for about 6 months .
10,null,null,I have been doing online school but .
11,null,null,had to drop my classes this semester when I started working
12,null,null,Now all I do is this stupid part - time job .
13,null,null,I should probably quit because it makes me incredibly suicidal .
14,null,null,It is all so superficial .
15,null,null,It does not feel beneath me
16,null,null,but I really just do not mesh with it .
17,null,null,Anyway .
18,null,null,Health insurance .
19,null,null,I can not figure out how to fill out the income stuff .
20,null,null,A hospital near me has people that can help
21,null,null,but I just can not find the motivation to even call them .
22,null,null,It is like I am trying to prevent myself from getting help .
23,null,null,It is not even just psychiatric reasons that I want health insurance .
24,null,null,I have a referral for a neurologist .
25,null,null,I have been having memory issues , twitches , etc .
26,null,null,I know I will not go without insurance .
27,null,null,I probably could stand to get on birth control and check out some other persistent problems too
28,null,null,but a )
29,null,null,I know I will not be taken seriously and b )
30,null,null,the only thing I genuinely like about myself is my mind so that is the priority .
31,null,null,I am not completely not trying .
32,null,null,I will take St. John is Wort if I am persistently suicidal
33,null,null,but it does not help with motivation .
34,null,null,I have been going to support groups .
35,null,null,I will " decide " to be motivated but end up collapsed and sobbing before I get out of the door .
36,null,null,Play music , leave my phone behind
37,null,null,so I do not get sidetracked .
38,null,null,Tell people what I am doing
39,null,null,so I feel pressured to keep my word .
40,null,null,Incentivize with promises of fast food , caffeine , or chocolate .
41,null,null,I dunno what else to do .
42,null,null,I can not even tell if it is laziness or depression or something else .
43,null,null,The only thing that motivates me to go to work is fear which is also the main thing that prevents me from quitting .
1399 17
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Try to stop identifying with your thoughts Dude , I know how it is to be depressed .
2,null,null,I know how it is to be sick and tired of being sick and tired .
3,null,null,Tired of the hate .
4,null,null,, tired of being tired of the hate ,
5,null,null,tired of being tried of being affected by the hate
6,null,null,But what has worked for me and
7,null,null,helped me rarely have SA or A
8,null,null,these days was focusing on my breath when a thought comes .
9,null,null,I m 1 year and .
10,null,null,some months in since i started to liberate myself
11,null,null,Currently i m numb because of anti depressants and .
12,null,null,possibly supressing so many thoughts in my young life
13,null,null,But i felt peace , i felt pleasure .
14,null,null,So I KNOW those are real .
15,null,null,Just try .
16,null,null,What do you got to lose ?
17,null,null,Check out Eckhart Tolle or Noah Elkrief on youtube .
1400 77
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,A Letter to My Future Self : Self Love Dear ( future ) B , This letter may be fragmented .
2,null,null,This letter may be short , or
3,null,null,it may be long .
4,null,null,This letter may be emotional .
5,null,null,Most importantly , this letter is to show you that you can stay grounded despite the rush of emotions you experience when you feel vulnerable and [ falsely ] unloved .
6,null,null,Everything you thought you knew since that day ( October 21st ) has become unraveled within the last fourteen hours .
7,null,null,It is hard to find the words that can sum it all up in order to save some time and space within this letter .
8,null,null,This letter is also not about those specific events but about you and only you , and how far you have come ; it all plays into being able to deal with whatever the future may bring .
9,null,null,As you admitted this morning , to yourself and G , your sense of clarity evaporates when you begin to feel vulnerable .
10,null,null,It leads you to a self - fulfilling prophecy - .
11,null,null,the exact neediness you exhibit will do the exact opposite of you would like what it to do and will therefore lead you to feeling ever more needy
12,null,null,Listen to me :
13,null,null,You are not validated by someone .
14,null,null,is ability ( or lack thereof ) to love you
15,null,null,And again : Sometimes , it is not simply not about you .
16,null,null,So far in your healing process you have managed to understand the importance of detachment .
17,null,null,You are making wonderful progress and
18,null,null,I hope that at some point you are still progressing .
19,null,null,Your existence is for you and for you only .
20,null,null,It is not okay or healthy to live solely for another human being .
21,null,null,Remember that you are not incomplete without someone however that someone can enhance the you that you already are .
22,null,null,A relationship consists of two people working together as a whole yet existing as their own sense of wholeness outside of the relationship .
23,null,null,That is so very important for you to remember for the rest of your life .
24,null,null,Remember when you felt vulnerable just a few weeks ago ( sometime in November ) and wanted to dive into texting that boy in order to make you feel better about yourself ?
25,null,null,And then remember that you did not because you kept your clarity and understood that it was a coping mechanism .
26,null,null,Do not forget that you have done that not only once but a few times now and that is exceptional .
27,null,null,I understand future Bri may encounter some setbacks and that her well - being might as well be a roulette wheel , but
28,null,null,that is exactly what this letter is for .
29,null,null,As you have been told , you are luminous .
30,null,null,You shine bright .
31,null,null,Your heart is [ almost too ] huge .
32,null,null,You have the potential to do great things .
33,null,null,You are not your illness and
34,null,null,you are not your insecurities .
35,null,null,The grave you will lay in one day will only consist of you and nobody else .
36,null,null,If the world ends and you survive , you have yourself .
37,null,null,You have to keep this mind every single day .
38,null,null,Work on self love and .
39,null,null,understand your worth
40,null,null,Yes , G makes you feel like the most important girl in the world .
41,null,null,But before you can let him do that , you need to understand that you are the most important girl in the world to yourself , for yourself .
42,null,null,You are done putting your interests aside just to receive love for the night / day .
43,null,null,You are done with getting angry at the phone for not getting responses quickly .
44,null,null,You are done feeling unimportant or unloved because you are not someone is first priority .
45,null,null,In the month and a half since the breakup , you have transformed .
46,null,null,It is only the beginning
47,null,null,but you have taken steps in the right direction .
48,null,null,Future B needs to look back on this whether she is in a good spot at the time or not .
49,null,null,She needs to know that even though she may not be at a point in life she envisioned , she did something for herself .
50,null,null,When you feel like he is pulling away , do not push harder .
51,null,null,When you feel like you want to run to him in order to silence your overwhelmingly surfacing insecurities , understand that will not make things better .
52,null,null,Understand that they are amplified and you are only expressing coping mechanisms in order to deal with the underlying issue .
53,null,null,The issue is not that he does not love you but that you make yourself unloveable .
54,null,null,Understand that when you get into that mindset and lose grasp of the clarity , someone moving mountains for you will not fill that hole of pain .
55,null,null,The only person on the face of this Earth that can fill that hole is you .
56,null,null,You have the capability of moving mountains on your own when you remember these things .
57,null,null,Continue doing your research .
58,null,null,Continue taking time for yourself .
59,null,null,Continue setting your phone down for hours at a time .
60,null,null,Continue living your life out and letting others play a part and not the center role .
61,null,null,You are the star of your life , you lead the show .
62,null,null,Your family , friends , boyfriend , colleagues - they play their roles in your story .
63,null,null,Most importantly , they play their lead role in their own stories and
64,null,null,similarly you are character .
65,null,null,Learn to appreciate silence .
66,null,null,Learn to appreciate a bit of loneliness and solitude .
67,null,null,Self - love includes coming home from work to take a hot bath and drink a glass of red wine , not rushing over to whoevers house in order to feel loved by someone else .
68,null,null,You can not be loved appropriately if you can not love yourself first .
69,null,null,Is not it just like me to start taking the advice I have been given by so many people my entire life .
70,null,null,Love yourself .
71,null,null,Respect yourself .
72,null,null,Appreciate your own time .
73,null,null,Respect others .
74,null,null,Respect other is need for space .
75,null,null,Live for you .
76,null,null,Again , love yourself .
77,null,null,With love , B , 12/3/2017 .
1401 39
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I kinda like being depressed after dealing with anxiety
2,null,null,As a lot of people , I have both depression and anxiety disorders .
3,null,null,Basically a thing happened in July , which caused me to have constant panic attacks and overall brutal anxiety until around October , when I just transitioned into deep depression .
4,null,null,It was however a big relief .
5,null,null,I was completely empty
6,null,null,, I did not care about anything .
7,null,null,It was 100x better to me than fucking anxiety .
8,null,null,When I am depressed , I do not feel ' bad ' .
9,null,null,I do not feel good either , but
10,null,null,I am fine with that .
11,null,null,I do not feel anything .
12,null,null,, it is kinda relaxing
13,null,null,The downside - when I was in the deepest state of depression
14,null,null,I was really close to killing myself and
15,null,null,I also threatened to shoot up the school , after which police took me to a mental hospital .
16,null,null,I have been here for over 3 months now .
17,null,null,I did some really bad things
18,null,null,, I acted really bad , but
19,null,null,on the inside I felt better .
20,null,null,When I am anxious I do not do mean things to people , but on the inside I am dying , I feel vulnerable and .
21,null,null,just want help
22,null,null,I understand that depression is awful and people suffer from it , I see what it does to people on this sub .
23,null,null,I just wanted to add my experience , since it is different to everyone else is .
24,null,null,Anxiety makes me feel like I am having a heart attack , like I am going crazy
25,null,null,, I sweat , I shake , it feels literally like torture .
26,null,null,Depression is the exact opposite .
27,null,null,It is calmness , not giving a shit about anything , basically relaxing .
28,null,null,I feel kinda comfortable being depressed .
29,null,null,I lie on the bed and .
30,null,null,look at the ceiling , at the wall , whatever
31,null,null,Like I am on autopilot .
32,null,null,Right now I have both ,
33,null,null,which just feels fucking weird
34,null,null,, I can not even describe that .
35,null,null,Sorry if I offended anyone .
36,null,null,I know some people prefer to feel something , but
37,null,null,I am fine with being an empty shell .
38,null,null,tlr - depression & ; anxiety for me .
39,null,null,gt
1402 28
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Random girl asked me awful question today .
2,null,null,I am not sure if this is the right place to post this or not , but
3,null,null,I need to get this off my chest .
4,null,null,I have struggled with depression for about 3 years now
5,null,null,and I have had my highs and my lows .
6,null,null,Recently I have been doing okay even though me and my girlfriend mutually broke up , but
7,null,null,we are still friends and she supports me .
8,null,null,And my birthday is coming up soon
9,null,null,so I was looking forward to that .
10,null,null,Today though I decided to go to subway to get a melt
11,null,null,and I was just standing in line when this girl walks away from her friend and up to me .
12,null,null,I thought she was pretty and was nervous about why she was talking to me until she asked Are you a serial killer ?
13,null,null,That is when my heart sank .
14,null,null,I had just shaved and
15,null,null,I realize I am not the best looking guy in the world , but I did not know that is how strangers perceived me .
16,null,null,I kept a calm demeanor until I got back to my car
17,null,null,and I just complete
18,null,null,broke down and
19,null,null,I was bawling all the way home .
20,null,null,I do not know why it hurt so much , but
21,null,null,I felt like complete shit .
22,null,null,I am trying to not let it affect me and not hit a low point
23,null,null,so I hope sharing this relieves me a little bit .
24,null,null,I am nervous about sharing this though .
25,null,null,I am just shocked that someone could say that .
26,null,null,Sorry for the formatting I am on mobile .
27,null,null,I do not know if this is the right sub for this either
28,null,null,, I just needed to get this off my chest .
1403 15
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am tired of spending every weekend crying .
2,null,null,It did not used to be this bad .
3,null,null,I was fine being alone and .
4,null,null,forgotten
5,null,null,I do not know what changed though .
6,null,null,I guess it all just caught up to me .
7,null,null,I have felt depressed for as long as I can remember
8,null,null,but I was always able to handle it .
9,null,null,I am really losing it lately though .
10,null,null,Last year was bad .
11,null,null,This year is already worse .
12,null,null,I am too much of a quitter to make things better .
13,null,null,I do not even know why I am posting this .
14,null,null,I guess I just want someone to know
15,null,null,I was hear .
1404 48
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Hello , I am Yevgenny , 21 years old , and
2,null,null,have suffered from depression for ..
3,null,null,well .. I guess as long as I can remember .
4,null,null,I started having suicidal thoughts when I was 9 , but
5,null,null,strangely enough , I can not remember having at that age any concept of suicide .
6,null,null,I have been placed on practically all of the antidepressants over the years ( with the exception of MAOIs ) , and
7,null,null,am currently taking Cymbalta -- no real side effects
8,null,null,, seems effective enough .
9,null,null,My father died when I was 18 , but
10,null,null,that in itself was not so sad .
11,null,null,Last September , I had a sudden thought regarding my feelings about his death , and
12,null,null,I found the most heartbreaking aspect was , like I said , not the fact that he died , but that the process of dying was for him degrading and humiliating .
13,null,null,Like me , he was very independent -- if he needed help with something , he considered himself defeated ; he was content in his own world , like I am , but the magnitude of something like death forced people into his world ..
14,null,null,those intangible connections between ourselves and others , between him and others , seemed to chain him down .
15,null,null,When I had my last breakdown in September , I could not stop myself from imagining it ; to find yourself suddenly and wholly dependent on others , and for them to force themselves into your mind , your world , and find for themselves some memory or happy relic to take with them such that even your most private , perhaps sacred thoughts and memories are wrenched from you .
16,null,null,I thought about what it must have been like to know with certainty that death was all that was left , the helplessness of not being able to face your own future without someone either doing it for you or having earlier robbed you of the existential will power to do it .
17,null,null,I attempted to hang myself after my morning classes .
18,null,null,I am not sure how , but
19,null,null,before kicking the chair away , I forced myself to call someone because the world is so huge , and I have only had the chance to see such a small part of it , to die then , would have been so meaningless and empty --
20,null,null,the very things I was attempting to escape , meaninglessness and emptiness .
21,null,null,The friend I called left work immediately and .
22,null,null,came to me
23,null,null,She cried in one afternoon more than I ever have , and
24,null,null,she was not even the depressed one .
25,null,null,So , fast forward to today .
26,null,null,Did some inpatient care .
27,null,null,I am seeing a therapist whom I trust , respect , and have thus far been unable to outwit
28,null,null,( it is a good thing . )
29,null,null,On a physiological basis , the medication is helping .
30,null,null,Psychologically however , I have got some work to do .
31,null,null,Ignoring biological / chemical factors , in order for me to be happy , I need to find / build / understand the meaning of my life .
32,null,null,I do not believe that man is born with an inherent raison d'etre , or that one is given to him by some divine entity ; rather , I believe that the meaning of one is life is self - constructed and in continual flux , it is something you work on , something you subsist upon , and .
33,null,null,yet is something that is always just out of reach , or one brush stroke undone
34,null,null,Not an easy job .
35,null,null,But last week I was on my front porch at around 4 pm having a cigarette ( I am keeping this habit for now . )
36,null,null,Everything was still , the air still cold with winter but with traces of spring on every tree , the clouds were lit from below and the west , it was like a painting ; but
37,null,null,it was this oddly static scene that gave me the most lucid understanding of myself , that unstoppable , dynamic thing we call self .
38,null,null,And so , more than ever before , I am going to take treatment seriously and honestly ; even if there is sadness , those chance moments of serenity that make up for in intensity what they lack in length , in those instances I think I will find meaning ,
39,null,null,no , I already have , I suppose .
40,null,null,I apologize for how lengthy this became , but
41,null,null,I am guessing it was somehow necessary for me to say .
42,null,null,I am looking forward to talking with the other members of the forum , as I do not think I have ever talked to others who were depressed .
43,null,null,Even if I do not find much help here , there might be someone who finds such help in me .
44,null,null,Thanks !
45,null,null,And , again , I will try to keep future posts shorter , but
46,null,null,in my defense , sometimes when I write I do not feel in control ..
47,null,null,oh , starting to go off again .
48,null,null,Ok , I am going to stop now .
1405 22
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Honestly , i do not know if it is worth it anymore .
2,null,null,I wake up
3,null,null,, there is only fucking trouble and chaos around me , all of my family members are suffering from anxiety and depression
4,null,null,, things only look worse by the day .
5,null,null,My dad told us how he does not care if he dies tomorrow on christmas eve ..
6,null,null,i do not know , maybe this post is coming out as confusing or chaotic but the reality is ..
7,null,null,I do not know if it is worth holding it or living anymore , i am not suicidal
8,null,null,but i need to fucking vent , 'cause i am fucking going crazy
9,null,null,, i ca nt fucking sleep at night , and when i do , i feel fucking sad the whole fucking day .
10,null,null,I fucking hate myself .
11,null,null,All this shit because we can not fucking return home , and we are here because is ny fucking fault .
12,null,null,Fuck this shit .
13,null,null,And every fucking time i m around people
14,null,null,i just do nt know why i put on this fucking mask , a fucking emotional mask
15,null,null,, i pretend like i m happy
16,null,null,and i m having fun
17,null,null,when really i m fucking dying on the inside , i m tired
18,null,null,, i m fucking tired of living
19,null,null,, i m tired of money
20,null,null,, i m tired of problems , the only thing i want right now is a pack of cigs and absolute silence and peace .
21,null,null,So there , there is my fucking rant .
22,null,null,Sorry for all the " fucks " .
1406 8
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I do not need help or pills , I need to die .
2,null,null,Nothing like that has or .
3,null,null,ever will help
4,null,null,No platitudes , nothing is ever going to help .
5,null,null,I am stupid , useless , weird , and have no personality .
6,null,null,I am a waste of space and
7,null,null,I HAVE to die .
8,null,null,There is no other option .
1407 8
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I got my first birthday present ever today from person outside of my family
2,null,null,So I turned 21 yesterday and
3,null,null,today I meet up with friend and
4,null,null,he wished me happy birthday and gave my nice bottle of Prosecco .
5,null,null,( I Love it )
6,null,null,I never ever received gift from person outside of my family for birthday , so
7,null,null,I was little shocked .
8,null,null,I think my life is slowly getting better .
1408 7
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Officially by myself .
2,null,null,Texted my ex who is the only one who knows about my depression and suicidal thoughts , told her i fear i might not make it till next week .
3,null,null,Since she is at this big end of the school year party she told me not to talk to her about this as she does not want her night ruined , and .
4,null,null,then literally told me to ' go see a psychologist '
5,null,null,Ca not believe the only person i have ever trusted in enough to let her know about my condition just let go of me like that .
6,null,null,Part of me wants to kill myself to go out with a big fuck
7,null,null,you , the part of me that wants to keep going is slowly dying .
1409 24
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I do not know how to go about this .
2,null,null,Hey .
3,null,null,I m Tomm .
4,null,null,I ve had a fucking miserable time in the last 21 years .
5,null,null,I have nt been happy for the last 11 years and .
6,null,null,when i finally am happy and get into the swing of it , it fucks off and leaves me to suffer
7,null,null,Rant ; for the last 10 years my dad has had cancer , he s not well at all .
8,null,null,It seems i m
9,null,null,the only one who gives enough of a shit to help him .
10,null,null,I would ve moved away and , but
11,null,null,had a life by now
12,null,null,i ve stayed purely for him .
13,null,null,Last week i realised he s manipulating me to get anything he fucking wants .
14,null,null,The girl i ve been chasing for 6 months that i fell in love with has just fucked me off .
15,null,null,Long story short
16,null,null,about 3 months ago she had a 2 year anniversary with a guy but .
17,null,null,admitted she has a thing for me
18,null,null,So i waited it out and
19,null,null,about 3 weeks ago they broke up
20,null,null,so i thought ' hey , ill see if i can hang out with her and see what happens ' nope .
21,null,null,Told her i still feel how i did
22,null,null,and she just says ' i see you as a friend and nothing more ' .
23,null,null,Maybe i m just not cut out to be here , or to deal with people ?
24,null,null,I ve had a fucking terrible time , people to chat too would be nice .
1410 105
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I do not feel well .
2,null,null,Hey , I am a highschool freshman and
3,null,null,this has been the lowest I have ever been from the past three years of feeling like I should be gone .
4,null,null,Buckle up your seatbelts because this will probably be pretty long .
5,null,null,Since the beginning of this year , I have been wanting to die ; I feel so lonely and .
6,null,null,as if nobody actually cares about me
7,null,null,So , there is my primary friendship group ; the people I hang out with the most .
8,null,null,All of my ( 2 ) " genuine " female friends pretty much do not give two shits about me because I tend to act really clingy to them and other people because I have been friends with them since first grade and do not want to lose them .
9,null,null,One of my female friends is kinda popular and
10,null,null,she barely talks to me , and
11,null,null,I just feel like I am undeserving of her time or something ; she is also kinda claimed my other female friend , so .
12,null,null,I do not get as much time to hang out with them as I used to
13,null,null,My guy friends are also a bit popular and
14,null,null,they also happen to be dating my two female friends
15,null,null,lol .
16,null,null,They do make me feel happy talking to them , and
17,null,null,I do hang out with them a lot , but sometimes I feel like I should not be hanging out with them all that much because then I am " stealing " them from my friends .
18,null,null,I also get pretty bummed not being in a relationship when my other friends are , and
19,null,null,I do feel like I am not needed amongst any of my friends .
20,null,null,( Basically , I just feel like the rebound when one of my friends are not there ) .
21,null,null,Can we actually talk about one of my female friends a bit more , actually ?
22,null,null,We will call her M and my other female friend
23,null,null,B. We met M last year and
24,null,null,we invited her to hang out with us during our lunches .
25,null,null,M was going through a tough time and
26,null,null,we helped her out all the time
27,null,null,and it was great making a new really close friend .
28,null,null,She was really fun to talk to , but
29,null,null,I do not know ..
30,null,null,sometimes she says some shit to me that makes me kinda bummed .
31,null,null,I remember telling her how I felt kinda depressed once , and
32,null,null,she said something along the lines of " Stop asking for attention and actually do something " .
33,null,null,Another time , I was hanging out with B , but
34,null,null,is boyfriend
35,null,null,the next day , M was mad at me and told me I should not take him from B ( which I do get and feel bad for , but B is totally cool with it and understands how me and her boyfriend hang out Recently , ( I do not remember what initiated the conversation really )
36,null,null,M and I were talking ( which rarely happens anymore ) , and
37,null,null,she was talking about how she feels like she does not have anyone that actually cares for her , when she has so many people that clearly do care about her and love her .
38,null,null,Then she proceeds to tell me to actually go and make friends again .
39,null,null,I hate being petty and talking about other people , but
40,null,null,I just do not feel comfortable being very close to her anymore and I am not sure she is interested in talking to me either .
41,null,null,So then that leaves like two male friends , and
42,null,null,again because they are in relationships with B and M , I am trying to pace myself with hanging out with them
43,null,null,so one of them do not get upset .
44,null,null,It is also pretty hard to make friends in a school where most people are white and really attractive , or .
45,null,null,already have their place
46,null,null,I am a non - attractive Asian female that tends to make weird jokes and seem really masculine with the way that I mainly put forward , and
47,null,null,I just do not fit in anywhere .
48,null,null,I have a lot of anxiety of what people think of me , .
49,null,null,so then I sometimes struggle with talking to people
50,null,null,I would not say people dislike me at all , it is just that nobody would hang out with me outside of school and it is hard to find people that are willing to spend time with me .
51,null,null,There is also the problem with others ' expectations of me ; ; Almost all my life , I have been deemed " smart " , which has caused so much pressure and anxiety throughout the years .
52,null,null,My parents really want me to do well in school , and
53,null,null,peers think I am so great at everything .
54,null,null,I
55,null,null,* thought *
56,null,null,it would go away after elementary school , but
57,null,null,even here , people consider me being so " smart " and able to do anything .
58,null,null,With currently a ~95 average in my classes , it is extremely difficult to maintain that
59,null,null,and I feel like if I do any worse , someone is going to get mad at me .
60,null,null,People expect me and , but
61,null,null,think I am so good
62,null,null,really I am just average at literally everything I do .
63,null,null,I also have no idea what I want to do with my life .
64,null,null,I am not very good at anything , and
65,null,null,I have so many interests
66,null,null,, it is hard to pin down something that I * should * do with my time .
67,null,null,Nothing really interests me enough to do it for like 25~40 years of my life , and
68,null,null,the things I would be interested in have literally no way of making a living off of or is something totally unachievable .
69,null,null,I feel like I can not make any difference to anyone in the world , and
70,null,null,I will die not making an impression on anyone or having anyone really care about me in the end .
71,null,null,I have been hurting myself since about third grade , mostly from scratching myself with my nails until it leaves a mark for a few days and hitting myself on the back of the head .
72,null,null,It is extremely satisfying
73,null,null,and I feel like it is a good thing to punish myself for being such a waste .
74,null,null,So that is pretty much the gist of it , I guess ?
75,null,null,Mostly just problems with self worth and .
76,null,null,having others view me a certain way
77,null,null,There is some other stuff , but nothing that I can really think of at the top of my head .
78,null,null,These past 3 months have been excruciating , and
79,null,null,I have not gone a day without thinking I should just end it all and give up .
80,null,null,I want to be happy , but
81,null,null,that just seems so far away
82,null,null,and I do not know if me living benefits anyone .
83,null,null,Admittedly , I do not want to die , but
84,null,null,I
85,null,null,*
86,null,null,do
87,null,null,*
88,null,null,at the same time ?
89,null,null,I feel like I have no place in the world
90,null,null,and I can not talk to anyone about how I am feeling because none of them are actually willing to hear what I have to say ,
91,null,null,so now I am just dumping my feelings on Reddit .
92,null,null,I am tired of living and feeling like shit .
93,null,null,I do not remember the last time I genuinely felt happy to be alive .
94,null,null,I want someone I am close to tell me that they love me and care about me and say I am not a useless piece of garbage and that what I say is not meaningless or invalid .
95,null,null,I do not want to feel alone .
96,null,null,I do not ask to feel alone .
97,null,null,I feel alone because I am alone , and
98,null,null,I feel like I can not tell anyone this because I do not want them to walk out of my life .
99,null,null,I am sorry if this seemed really petty
100,null,null,and like I am just bitching about some shitty first world problems , because I know I am .
101,null,null,I just feel kinda down right now .
102,null,null,and I have not been able to tell someone how I actually feel in months
103,null,null,So yeah .
104,null,null,Thanks for reading , stranger .
105,null,null,Sorry for the inconvenient text wall .
1411 28
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Hi !
2,null,null,We are YourAmigo Hi !
3,null,null,I am A.M.
4,null,null,and I am writing to introduce a new initiative named YourAmigo .
5,null,null,Basically we are a group of friends that have to decided to form this initiative to help anyone who need an amigo ( Spanish word for friend ) .
6,null,null,We work by assigning anyone who wants it , an amigo with whom you can talk about anything .
7,null,null,We do not accept donations , though if anyone wants to help us or has any suggestions , feel free to contact us .
8,null,null,Let me explain who we are We are not therapists , and
9,null,null,we realize that we are not capable of solving your problems , or even comprehend your pain ; but we can listen to you .
10,null,null,We want to hear your stories , we want you to tell us whatever you would like to say .
11,null,null,In the end we just want you to feel heard .
12,null,null,And of course , you will never be judged .
13,null,null,You know guys , we have all been there , in that cold and lonely place .
14,null,null,For some , this place will be terrifying and , for others it might be something less severe .
15,null,null,called depression
16,null,null,But we do not care .
17,null,null,If it is important enough for you to feel bad about it , then it would be an honor for us to hear about it .
18,null,null,Here is how we work : below you have the email address where you can find us .
19,null,null,Please write us .
20,null,null,In your first email , you can tell us anything you want , though a little bit of your story is always welcomed ( though not required ! ) .
21,null,null,And that is it !
22,null,null,Here is our email address : youramigoam.com
23,null,null,And that is it !
24,null,null,Last but not least , I want to thank you for reading this far .
25,null,null,I really encourage you to text us .
26,null,null,Moreover feel free to copy and paste this message in any other forum : the more people that read this , the more people we can help !
27,null,null,See you soon !
28,null,null,A.M.
1412 23
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Does anyone else miss the person they used to be ?
2,null,null,I have always struggled with depression , but
3,null,null,sometimes it is more manageable than other times .
4,null,null,I have noticed that with every new year and myself getting older , I begin to look back on my past and long for it , even sometimes breaking down because I miss the person I used to be .
5,null,null,I am 23 , so still young , but
6,null,null,I really wish I could go back and be 19/20 again because that was when I was truly happy .
7,null,null,I had moved out of my hometown , had lots of friends , a good relationship , I lost tons of weight and was confident for the first time ever , I traveled and .
8,null,null,worked for fun instead of working as a means of survival
9,null,null,I loved life , I had so much energy and such a bright outlook on everything
10,null,null,and I had a lot of fun .
11,null,null,Now , that is all over .
12,null,null,I really only have one good friend left from those times and he does not even live near me anymore ; sometimes I get really down when I think about old friends and start thinking about things I could have said differently that might have prevented the arguments we had that would eventually lead to the end of our friendship , I really never knew how much I needed them until they no longer wanted me in their lives .
13,null,null,My relationship fizzled out in the same way and
14,null,null,I have yet to develop a connection like that with anyone again .
15,null,null,I have also gained all my weight back and .
16,null,null,can not stand to look at my own reflection
17,null,null,I do not know how to be happy like I was again .
18,null,null,I look at old pictures from times past with old friends , destinations
19,null,null,I went too
20,null,null,and I want to cry because I just wish I could go back .
21,null,null,I am so depressed and hate myself , I am incredibly lonely and .
22,null,null,am just a shell of the person I used to be
23,null,null,It is like I am mourning my past life or something .
1413 15
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I made a word cloud of all my depressive posts over the past three years .
2,null,null,This is based on all the posts on my throwaway account
3,null,null,( this is my main account and .
4,null,null,has too many unrelated posts to sort through ) since 2014
5,null,null,I think it is noteworthy that some of the biggest words in the cloud are negative .
6,null,null,While going back over these posts from so relatively long ago , I noticed that most of the older ones seemed like they were written by a total stranger .
7,null,null,If it were somebody else saying those things about me , it would be called harassment , but
8,null,null,it was me saying those things about myself .
9,null,null,All in all , this has really made me realize that all the things I have written about myself are way off - base , and .
10,null,null,are only true in my mind during a depressive episode
11,null,null,I know something is wrong , but
12,null,null,I do not know what to do about it .
13,null,null,In some ways I am sure I will always think this way about myself , regardless of what I do , but I wish there were an easy way to manage it .
14,null,null,I used [ this ] ( ) word cloud generator .
15,null,null,Cheers .
1414 10
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I attempted suicide and .
2,null,null,called my GF , who called the cops who then took me to the hospital
3,null,null,I kinda wish I had just died .
4,null,null,We had just broken up and
5,null,null,I got the urges to just end my life finally
6,null,null,, I have felt like this for years upon years .
7,null,null,I have lost so many people in my life recently due to deaths over the last few years , and
8,null,null,this just brought me over the edge .
9,null,null,I wish I could have ended my life
10,null,null,so I do not have to wake up with so much pain everyday .
1415 13
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,My new kitten disapeared this night and
2,null,null,i can not help feeling like trash .
3,null,null,Last year I adopted a kitty to help me through my depression , we lived a year together .
4,null,null,She ran away after I had to move back to my father .
5,null,null,is house back this april
6,null,null,Last week i finally decided to adopt a new cat after so much time
7,null,null,and she just disapeared while I was out of the house .
8,null,null,My father says he just turned his head for a while and she was gone .
9,null,null,I have been searching for her all day .
10,null,null,Feeling hopeless , lonely and useless .
11,null,null,I should not have left the house yesterday .
12,null,null,I miss the little girl so much .
13,null,null,She was the best companion i could have had .
1416 5
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Why me I ve been letting myself get played and led on by the same girl .
2,null,null,I know its going to happen everytkme but everytime fall even harder for her .
3,null,null,Right now everything hurts , i just do not want to feel anymore .
4,null,null,I m tired of this pain called life .
5,null,null,Death seems like my only way to not feel at all
1417 13
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,My depression caused by other people .
2,null,null,I feel as if a lot of people walk around like their better than me
3,null,null,and I do not know why .
4,null,null,I can sense them just looking down on me and judging me on my character
5,null,null,and they do not even know me .
6,null,null,I do not know if it is in my head or if some people are really like this .
7,null,null,Is it the way I dress ?
8,null,null,Is it the way I look ?
9,null,null,Do I not meet there expectations as a bystander ?
10,null,null,Like fuck , I was blessed and , yet
11,null,null,randomly put on this earth to be me
12,null,null,people can be so judgmental especially over things I can not control .
13,null,null,Does anyone else have this problem ?
1418 28
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,To some I have the dream the life ..
2,null,null,dream home , financially stable , great family , community volunteer .
3,null,null,I am 35 years old .
4,null,null,I have a wife that loves .
5,null,null,I have 3 children that love me .
6,null,null,I have foster children that love me .
7,null,null,I teach children daily that love me .
8,null,null,I have parents that love me , I even beat cancer this past year ..
9,null,null,so if everything is so great then WHY ?
10,null,null,Why do I feel this way ?
11,null,null,Why have I felt this way for so long ?
12,null,null,Why is this happening to me ?
13,null,null,Why was 2 hours ago " okay " and now ..
14,null,null,right now , I am hanging on by a thread ..
15,null,null,actually I am not even hanging on ..
16,null,null,the thread is just holding me .
17,null,null,I do not want to continue .
18,null,null,I do not want to talk to anyone .
19,null,null,I do not want to be around my family .
20,null,null,I do not want to go to work .
21,null,null,I do not want to breathe .
22,null,null,I just want to stop .
23,null,null,I want it all to stop .
24,null,null,I want to quit ..
25,null,null,I want to to not care about what others will think or about who I am leaving behind .
26,null,null,I want to go .
27,null,null,Tomorrow will bring another day ..
28,null,null,but I do not know that I can make it through tonight .
1419 9
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,blah I am having a hard time at work today .
2,null,null,The hand sanitizer smell makes me want to drink .
3,null,null,This persons mom dropped off a lunch for them .
4,null,null,, it was sweet ,
5,null,null,made me sad and miss my mom
6,null,null,Usually these things do not really get to me , but
7,null,null,I woke up in a weird mood this morning .
8,null,null,So everything seems so loud and apparent today .
9,null,null,It kind of feels like the lights are screaming into my eyes .
1420 7
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I am an 18 year old senior , i was sending this because the other night i had a dream that i was pregnant
2,null,null,but when i went to the hospital to have it delivered it was taken from me
3,null,null,, then last night i had another dream that i was at a hospital
4,null,null,and i got trapped inside
5,null,null,and i was about to have my baby ..
6,null,null,what does this mean ? ?
7,null,null,I am not sure if I am pregnant or not i am too scared to find out because i am not sure how to tell my mother could my dream be trying to tell me something important ? ?
1421 32
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,What is the point in living ?
2,null,null,Obviously with the title you would think I am sad and hate myself or am severely suicidal .
3,null,null,In reality , there is truth to that , but
4,null,null,I seriously do not see a point in living .
5,null,null,I have tried different things to try and discover myself like spending 1500 dollars on camera equipment thinking
6,null,null,maybe photography is my calling only to return it the next week .
7,null,null,I have bought a jeep thinking maybe overlanding or off - roading is my thing
8,null,null,and now I am in the process of selling it .
9,null,null,I have 1 friend that I hang out with once a month .
10,null,null,I have 2 real life friends that I text occasionally .
11,null,null,I have not had a girlfriend in several years now .
12,null,null,Mind you
13,null,null,I turn 20 years old tomorrow .
14,null,null,I do not know what the next step in my life is ?
15,null,null,Who am I ?
16,null,null,Is there something more to me than just working then going home just to sleep all day ?
17,null,null,I have had a small problem with taking pain killers like oxy , vicodin , and codeine .
18,null,null,I just do not find any joy in any part of my life .
19,null,null,I do not want to die , but
20,null,null,at the same time I would not mind not waking up tomorrow .
21,null,null,I just want a passion .
22,null,null,Something to live for .
23,null,null,I do not want to be like this , but
24,null,null,I have tried different things all my life
25,null,null,and I have lost all joy .
26,null,null,Is there a way to discover myself ?
27,null,null,Is that even an actual thing ?
28,null,null,What am I missing in my life ?
29,null,null,I just want to look forward to living another day rather than dreading it .
30,null,null,To clarify , I do not consider myself suicidal .
31,null,null,I do not WANT to die .
32,null,null,I WANT a reason to be alive .
1422 22
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I can not seem to be happy with my current life - only the future
2,null,null,So I was diagnosed with mood swings /
3,null,null,mild depression quite a while ago , and .
4,null,null,have been on a small dose of Fluoxetine ( Prozac ) most of my life now
5,null,null,Based on looking at objective measures , I should be feeling pretty content right now , but
6,null,null,I can not seem to be happy about it , and only about the things I hope that I will work towards in the future .
7,null,null,I guess for example - I have lost a little over 30 pounds since February , the first significant time I have actually lost weight , and I am now no longer medically obese ..
8,null,null,but I still just feel fat and .
9,null,null,have not been able to feel anything good about the weight I have actually lost
10,null,null,I have a great job , and , but
11,null,null,am just about to finish paying off all my loans
12,null,null,I do not feel any accomplishment in that either .
13,null,null,I keep thinking maybe I will feel good when I have enough to put down a down - payment on a house , but
14,null,null,I doubt that will be the case .
15,null,null,I have a bunch of great friends , but
16,null,null,I am tired of being single again .
17,null,null,I know that I should just focus on the good things right now , but
18,null,null,it is not seeming to be any consolation .
19,null,null,My faith life has been doing pretty good recently too , especially compared to the past , but
20,null,null,I still feel like a shitty person a lot .
21,null,null,I dunno
22,null,null,, I know that so many other people are having a rough time and I should be happy with how things are going , but I am just down right now .
1423 6
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Coming to terms with life long depression
2,null,null,It is always going to be there in my life , like a dark cloud creeping in on a sunny day , and
3,null,null,I am okay with that .
4,null,null,After 7 long years of battling depression and going through the highs and lows that come with it and after dedicating myself to therapy , medication and lifestyle changes I have finally accepted that I am going to have to learn to live with depression for the rest of my life .
5,null,null,It is my strength , it is my weakness and
6,null,null,it makes my life unique .
1424 9
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Why do people try to motivate depressives using shame ?
2,null,null,I never understand the idea of people attempting to shame me out of my depression .
3,null,null," How do you live like this ?
4,null,null,Why are you being like this ?
5,null,null,Your brothers are not like this ?
6,null,null," If we are going to have a face off over who has the lower opinion of me , I guarantee , I will win every time .
7,null,null,Or at least I hope I will because if not they hate me more than I can imagine .
8,null,null,I feel awful about even saying that , I see the weakness in that statement , the defeatism , but
9,null,null,that does not make it any less true .
1425 19
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Psychiatrist of 6 years terminated me as a patient and ?
2,null,null,is refusing refills of Lamictal because I went to outpatient rehab
3,null,null,I have been going to the same psychiatrist for 6 years .
4,null,null,I have been on a high dose of Lamictal for 6 years to treat bipolar disorder .
5,null,null,I have gone to regular appointments and .
6,null,null,have had consistent refills
7,null,null,I had a period of intense depression in which I went on a one month drinking binge and went to a hospital where I was given Ativan to deal with the withdrawal .
8,null,null,It was not a consistent prescription , just enough pills to ween off the withdrawal and ensure I would not relapse back to drinking .
9,null,null,My psychiatrist just called me and .
10,null,null,told me she is terminating me as a patient and is unable to see me or refill my lamictal
11,null,null,because I was prescribed Ativan by another physician
12,null,null,I am freaking out about the effects of stopping this cold turkey .
13,null,null,I only took the Ativan for one week , two months ago .
14,null,null,I just want to have my lamictal refilled .
15,null,null,I need a refill this week , I can not find a new psychiatrist in time .
16,null,null,How is this allowed ?
17,null,null,I sought emergency treatment for a substance abuse issue and .
18,null,null,am being unsafely yanked off a medicine I have been on my entire adult life
19,null,null,Help please
1426 23
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Hi all , I am in hell of major depression .
2,null,null,After being for over 8 years on Elavil and Valium(small dosage ) , with good results for most of the time , I tapered down because of the side effects and .
3,null,null,have been drug free for 1 year
4,null,null,During this year the depression slowly settled in making my life unbearable lately .
5,null,null,I do not know what to do .
6,null,null,I saw 2 psychiatrists within last month .
7,null,null,One of them wanted me on Paxil and the second one on Effexor .
8,null,null,Problem is I am so afraid of side effects that I can not begin taking any of them , meantime my life is falling to pieces .
9,null,null,My nervous system was completely messed up by these medicines .
10,null,null,I had severe fasciculation of muscles for over 4 months after being medicine free ( sign of tardive dyskinesia , untreatable neurological condition ) and
11,null,null,get them back whenever I try any supplement that would increase serotonin level (
12,null,null,SAMe , St. John is Wort , Rhodiola ) .
13,null,null,My memory got better after I stopped the medication
14,null,null,but now it is falling apart because of the depression I get de - realized
15,null,null,I mean if depression will not kill me these medicines will .
16,null,null,What are my alternatives ( if any ) ?
17,null,null,Shall I take these medicines , for the time being , ?
18,null,null,endure side effects and expose myself to degenerative damage
19,null,null,Shall I stay away from medicines and ?
20,null,null,get incapacitated by depression
21,null,null,Is there any alternative treatment for major depression ?
22,null,null,I would appreciate any advice .
23,null,null,Dania
1427 34
 (0, 0),
1,null,null," I do not wanna die , but
2,null,null,I ai not keen on livin ' either . "
3,null,null,Sorry for the Robbie lyric .
4,null,null,I just want to vocalize a bit before the rare fancy passes
5,null,null,and I go back to soldiering on alone .
6,null,null,I am sorry if this rambles or does not quite make sense , but
7,null,null,if I leave the stream of consciousness or reread I will probably delete because I loathe the idea of complaining to others or whinging knowing full
8,null,null,well I have probably got it better than most people here .
9,null,null,But a part of me wants to know that someone else experiences depression the same way , as some small solace .
10,null,null,I am never particularly sad , nor
11,null,null,do I hate or wish harm upon myself or my life or the people in it .
12,null,null,However , in every waking moment I have a weight emanating from my core , like a gravitational pull sucking in my ability to want anything meaningful .
13,null,null,The best way I can put it is in the title - I simply do not want to * be
14,null,null,* .
15,null,null,And that is not because I am overwhelmed by hardship or struggle , I have got it pretty good
16,null,null,and there is nowhere
17,null,null,I would rather be .
18,null,null,If , hypothetically , you took me back to before my birth and ?
19,null,null,laid out an incredible life for me and said " alright , you are about to be born , ready to go
20,null,null," I would say " no thanks , I am good " .
21,null,null,With a core belief like that there is no life to live .
22,null,null,Career advancement serves no purpose but , and
23,null,null,to consume more time
24,null,null,I would be taking a good job from someone who actually gets some personal value out of it .
25,null,null,Romance is off the cards because someone who wants to date someone who does not want anything from life , probably also is not worth being with .
26,null,null,And heaven forbid
27,null,null,someone should want kids !
28,null,null,Hey Junior , daddy does not like his existence
29,null,null,but he had you anyway ,
30,null,null,what an asshole .
31,null,null,I should stop before I become some combination of " old man yells at cloud " and " whiny emo stereotype " .
32,null,null,This stuff sits on me every day
33,null,null,and I wish the small part of me that wants the affirmation of others was not there .
34,null,null,But it is , so here I am .
1428 23
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Hey reddit , give me one moment .
2,null,null,Take a deep breath .
3,null,null,Release yourself of your roles and .
4,null,null,see yourself as a person dealing with other people
5,null,null,Take a moment right now , take a deep breath and .
6,null,null,appreciate how there is so much effort taken in making the world as it is
7,null,null,We harnessed the elements and .
8,null,null,made the surface of the world a little more enjoyable
9,null,null,Sit back and .
10,null,null,enjoy all this hard work
11,null,null,Strip the world off from labels .
12,null,null,People do not mean to be good or bad .
13,null,null,Remember that after you acomplish ( or not )
14,null,null,all your goals we are still people living with other people .
15,null,null,Remember today .
16,null,null,Take another deep breath , if you are comfortable , close your eyes .
17,null,null,Appreciate what s around you , good or bad .
18,null,null,Maybe the day is really ugly .
19,null,null,Remember again that it is on around its own business .
20,null,null,Do not see it about yourself , but .
21,null,null,instead look at your role in the big picture
22,null,null,Have a smile .
23,null,null,You deserve it
1429 11
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I thought I would share two quotes that I liked
2,null,null,/ felt I could relate to .
3,null,null,I do not know why I feel like sharing them here , but
4,null,null,maybe somebody can take something away from them .
5,null,null,They are both from Emil Cioran and his work *
6,null,null,The Trouble of Being Born
7,null,null,* .
8,null,null,The first goes as " It is not worth the bother of killing yourself , since you always kill yourself too late .
9,null,null,"
10,null,null,The second goes as " What do you do from morning to night ?
11,null,null,I endure myself . "
1430 17
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Dead Mom , Schizophrenic Father .
2,null,null,I wrote a 1,900 page message but
3,null,null,I figured no one would read it .
4,null,null,My mother committed suicide because I left home after years of neglect and emotional abuse .
5,null,null,I could not go to my father because he has severe schizophrenia
6,null,null,and it is not safe to be around him .
7,null,null,I moved across country after my sister who had left a year prior convinced me to do .
8,null,null,After I moved across country my sister gave me 2 weeks to get an apartment
9,null,null,or she would kick me out .
10,null,null,I got a job and an apartment ( with the help of a really shitty roommate )
11,null,null,and I had been working practically trying to just ignoring my previous life .
12,null,null,A week ago I found out my mother had killed herself and now me and my sister are back to our old home trying to fix all the problems created by her unexpected
13,null,null,( I honestly expected it ) death .
14,null,null,I have left all details out because I could fill a fucking book with them but the main point of this post is , I have been fighting all my life for a better life but
15,null,null,things always seem to get worse and worse .
16,null,null,I am at the point where I feel like joining my mother .
17,null,null,You can only fight for so long before you have run out of energy .
1431 25
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Little sister has depression , what do I do ?
2,null,null,As the title says my baby sister has depression and I heard from my boyfriend this subreddit gives him support .
3,null,null,I just discover the past summer that my little sister ( 14 ) has depression and is now cutting her self with razor blades .
4,null,null,I warned my mother that I read her diary and she was counting calories first in September .
5,null,null,Earlier this week I told her to keep an eye on her
6,null,null,cause I think she is depressed , btw I live in another continent at home and .
7,null,null,thus have limited access on how much I see them
8,null,null,My mom said she will keep an eye to see if she is cutting herself or not .
9,null,null,We recently discovered that she does in deed and her circle of friends have depression too .
10,null,null,She is being bullied as well by one guy at school and confidant and .
11,null,null,has depression
12,null,null,is cutting himself as well
13,null,null,She opened up to my parents and one of close friends who is a professional who works with children a lot , .
14,null,null,is not a psychologist
15,null,null,My mom is very supportive as well as the rest of my family and
16,null,null,we just want to help my little sister .
17,null,null,My mom is not sure what to do , and
18,null,null,neither am I.
19,null,null,I suggested to look for professional help for her , as she is harming herself .
20,null,null,However , we are not sure what to do about her surroundings .
21,null,null,Most of her friends have depression and
22,null,null,she is doing badly in school on top of that she is being bullied .
23,null,null,What do you guys think ?
24,null,null,Change her of school and ?
25,null,null,remove her from the toxic environment or leave her there and get her a psychologist
1432 10
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Been independent since 17 I have been living with my girlfriend since I was 18 and 1 year a lone .
2,null,null,It is so discouraging to see your friends live at home , go to school , and have a chance to fail or make mistakes .
3,null,null,I resent them almost .
4,null,null,I work 6 days a week
5,null,null,and I can still bearly pay my bills .
6,null,null,I do not get to mess up .
7,null,null,If I fucked up I am on the street or out of of the job .
8,null,null,Everything is just toil toil toil , work , sleep , work .
9,null,null,I just want a chance to be my age ..
10,null,null,I am so tired ..
1433 7
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I never asked to be born .. seems unfair we can not choose to die Hi , so they call this " Major Depressive Disorder " and
2,null,null,i do take medication for it , but
3,null,null,i do nt know maybe i m just being a realist ?
4,null,null,Not everyone is meant for this world : i am awkward , a failure , ugly , and poor .
5,null,null,I am too scared to jump off a cliff or anything violent , i wish i could take those drugs that makes you die peacefully in your sleep ..
6,null,null,but that is only for cancer patients ( terminally ill ) or whatever .
7,null,null,I am being forced to live , it is awful .
1434 7
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I hate the way I look I have pretty much always hated the way I looked .
2,null,null,I just recently got a really bad haircut and
3,null,null,I am considering shaving my head .
4,null,null,I will be ugly no matter what so I guess hair or no hair will not really make a difference .
5,null,null,I can not afford plastic surgery or else
6,null,null,I would .
7,null,null,It sucks being an ugly girl .
1435 8
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Anyone else feel guilty about people checking up on them ?
2,null,null,A part of me feels happy because its nice knowing people care about me .
3,null,null,Then I realize they are only doing this either because of 1.BellLetsTalk or 2.Because
4,null,null,they know
5,null,null,i m depressed
6,null,null,and they would never do this if I did not tell them
7,null,null,I was
8,null,null,I just feel like it is sort of fake in a way even though I know they care .
1436 15
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,Need help with suicidal wife , please .
2,null,null,My wife is at work right now and to give a tlr , she has not been well for a while .
3,null,null,I told her months ago that I was not sure if I could still be in a relationship with her anymore .
4,null,null,She really needed a therapist so I really encouraged her to go .
5,null,null,I think she may have only gone in an effort to save our marriage rather than herself .
6,null,null,She is gotten new meds and
7,null,null,this has happened over about 6mo .
8,null,null,Last night I found a long search history of methods of suicide and
9,null,null,I found a suicide note post dated a month from now .
10,null,null,She is giving enough time to prepare everything .
11,null,null,I am not sure what to do .
12,null,null,I plan on having a sort of intervention with her friend , mom my and hers to pursuade her to go to the hospital voluntarily , which I do not think shell do .
13,null,null,Idk what to do .
14,null,null,Idk what to tell my kids or .
15,null,null,how to handle any of this
1437 38
 (0, 0),
1,null,null,I m a mess
2,null,null,and I need to rant .
3,null,null,Every so often , I will find a glimmer of hope and .
4,null,null,try my hardest to change my life
5,null,null,I will start exercising and eating healthy , and , and
6,null,null,pushing myself to talk to people
7,null,null,I will actually feel pretty good for a few days .
8,null,null,Then I just stop .
9,null,null,I will wake up one day and and .
10,null,null,have absolutely no desire to be healthy anymore and slip right back into feeling like shit and hating myself because I can not commit to the simplest of things
11,null,null,This is probably the fourth time it is happened in the past year .
12,null,null,I made some really bad choices today regarding food , which made me feel so much worse because in my eyes , my worth as a human being is directly tied to the shape of my body .
13,null,null,Nobody could ever convince me that it is not .
14,null,null,This past bought of motivation , I tried to convince myself that I was going to exercise and eat right for the sake of my health , but
15,null,null,in the back of my mind , I knew the only real reason was because I wanted to lose weight .
16,null,null,And now here I am , completely abandoned diet and exercise and .
17,null,null,right back into the throws of depression
18,null,null,All I want to do anymore is lay in bed and .
19,null,null,try to fall asleep
20,null,null,I do not have a job ( or the desire to have one ) and
21,null,null,I lost most of my friends because I never talked to them .
22,null,null,I live with my mom who I thought I could talk to about anything , but
23,null,null,I feel like I can not tell her about how bad it is gotten .
24,null,null,It does not help that she tells me everyday that I need to get a job .
25,null,null,I know she is right , but
26,null,null,it makes me feel like an even bigger piece of garbage because I have never held down a job for more than 4 months .
27,null,null,If I got a job right now , I would probably have a breakdown and .
28,null,null,quit the first week
29,null,null,I went through cosmetology school and .
30,null,null,put myself into debt just to wind up hating the field and trying to lie to myself that I did not
31,null,null,I thought it was all about doing hair , but
32,null,null,it turns out it is all about trying to get people to buy some shitty hair product .
33,null,null,I know my outlook on the world is fucked up , but
34,null,null,I do not know how to change myself .
35,null,null,It is like all these negative thoughts are engraved in the back of my skull .
36,null,null,I just feel like I am stuck and any move I make is the wrong one .
37,null,null,Sorry this is all over the place , I am just really deep into it right now and .
38,null,null,needed to vent
